Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230590

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.434
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Prosperitas Investments
Société à responsabilité limitée— société de gestion de patrimoine
familial

L-1273 Luxembourg
19 ,rue de Bitbourg

Constitution
Du 7 décembre 2018
NUMERO 3514/2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventh day of December.

Before us Maître Henri Hellinckx, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

1. Mr. Volodymyr Gorb, born in Dnipropetrovskaya oblast, Ukraine, on
December 21, 1963, residing at 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka Street, apartment 5,
Dnipro city, Ukraine,

here represented by Mr. Marc Berna, Avocat à la Cour, professionally
residing in Luxembourg, by Virtue of a proxy given on 2 November 2018;

2. Mrs. Oksana Chuprina, born in Dnipropetrovskaya oblast, Ukraine,
on June 26, 1971, residing at residing at 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka Street,
apartment 5, Dnipro city, Ukraine,

here represented by Mr. Marc Berna, aforementioned by Virtue of a proxy
given on 2 November 2018;

3. Ms. Polina Horb, born in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, on October 27,
1996, residing at 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka Street, apartment 5, Dnipro city,
Ukraine,

PAGE 1


here represented by Mr. Marc Berna, aforementioned, by virtue of a proxy
given on 2 November 2018;

4. Ms. Kateryna Horb, born in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, on December
15, 1994, residing at 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka Street, apartment 5, Dnipro city,
Ukraine,

here represented by Mr. Marc Berna, aforementioned by virtue of a proxy
given on 2 November 2018.

The said proxies, initialled ne varietur by the proxyholder of the appearing
parties and the undersigned notary, shall remain annexed to this deed to be filed at
the same time with the registration authorities.

Such appearing parties have requested the officiating notary to enact the
deed of incorporation of a family wealth management company (société de
gestion de patrimoine familial) in the form of a private limited company (société à
responsabilité limitée) which they wish to incorporate with the following articles
of association:

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name — Legal form

There exists a private wealth management company under the corporate
form of a private limited company (société à responsabilité limitée) under the
name “Prosperitas Investments S.à r.l. - SPF” (hereinafter the “Company”)
which shall be governed by the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies,
as amended (the “Law”), the law of 11 May 2007 relating to the creation of a
societe’ de gestion de patrimoine familial (the “SPF Law”), as well as by the
present articles of association and any shareholder agreement entered into
between the shareholders.

Article 2 Purpose

2.1 The purpose of the Company is exclusively the acquisition, holding,
management and realisation of financial assets as defined in article 2 of the SPF
Law, excluding any commercial activity.

2.2 The Company is only authorised to hold a participating interest in a
company if it does not get involved in the management of such company.

2.3 The Company may only guarantee, grant security, grant loans or

otherwise assist the companies in which it holds a direct or indirect participation

PAGE 2


or right of any kind or which form part of the same group of companies as the
Company provided that it does so free of charge and on ancillary basis.

2.4 The Company may, except by way of public offering, raise funds
especially through borrowing in any form or by issuing any kind of notes,
securities or debt instruments, bonds and debentures and generally issue securities
of any type.

2.5 The Company may carry out any operation which it may deem useful
for the accomplishment of these purposes remaining always, however, within the
limits established by the SPF Law.

Article 3 Duration

3.1 The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period of time.

3.2 It may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the general meeting
of shareholders adopted by half of the shareholders representing three quarters of
the share capital at least.

Article 4 Registered office

4.1 The registered office of the Company is established in the City of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4.2 The board of managers may transfer the registered office of the
Company within the same municipality or, in the cases permitted by law, to any
other municipality in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and, if necessary,
subsequently amend these articles of association to reﬂect such change of
registered office.

4.3 Branches or other offices may be established either in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of managers.

4.4 In the event that the board of managers determines that extraordinary
political, economic or social circumstances or natural disasters have occurred or
are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered office, the registered office may be temporarily transferred abroad until
the complete cessation of these extraordinary circumstances; such temporary
measures shall not affect the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding
the temporary transfer of its registered office, shall remain a Luxembourg

company.

PAGE 3


B. SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES

Article 5 Share capital

5.1 The Company’s share capital is set at twelve thousand euro (EUR
12,000), represented by twelve thousand (12,000) shares with a nominal value of
one euro (EUR 1).

5.2 The Company’s share capital may be increased or reduced by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required
for an amendment of these articles of association.

5.3 The Company may repurchase its own shares subject to the provisions
of the Law.

5.4 The board of managers is authorised to cancel shares held in treasury
and to proceed with the corresponding share capital reduction.

Article 6 Shares - Transfer of shares

6.1 The Company may have one or several shareholders, with a maximum
of one hundred (100) shareholders. In the event that the number of shareholders of
the Company exceeds one hundred (100) for any reason, the Company shall have
a period of one (1) year from the date on which such limit was exceeded to
convert into a company of another legal form.

Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or
any other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall not cause the
dissolution of the Company.

6.2 The shares of the Company are in registered form.

6.3 A register of shares shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company, where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder. This
register shall contain all the information required by the Law. Certificates
evidencing registrations made in the register with respect to a shareholder may be
issued upon request and at the expense of such shareholder.

6.4 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a share
is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who shall
represent them towards the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the
exercise of all rights attached to that share, except for relevant information rights,
until such representative has been appointed.

6.5 The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

PAGE 4


6.6 The shares may only be held by qualified investors as defined in article
3 of the SPF Law.

6.7 Inter vivos, the shares may only be transferred to third party transferees
subject to the prior approval of such transfer given by shareholders holding at
least three-quarters of all the shares in issue.

6.8 If a shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third party
transferee, such transferring shareholder must send a notice to the Company with
all relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the
transferee, the conditions applicable to the transfer (if any) and the transfer price.

6.9 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the shareholders of the
Company in accordance with article 6.7, the shareholders may, within three (3)
months from the date of the refusal, acquire the shares on an equal treatment basis
(unless otherwise agreed between them) or procure the acquisition of the share(s),
at a price determined in accordance with article 6.11, except if the transferring
shareholder decides to forego the transfer. Upon request of the board of managers,
the three-month period can be extended by the president of the chamber of the
district court of Luxembourg dealing with commercial matters and sitting as in
summary proceedings, it being understood that such extension shall not exceed six
(6) months.

6.10 To the extent that the shareholders have not proposed to acquire the
shares, the Company may, within the same timeframe and with the consent of the
transferring shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by an amount
corresponding to the aggregate nominal value of the relevant shares and (ii)
repurchase and cancel such shares at a price determined in accordance with article
6.1 1.

6.11 For the purposes of articles 6.9 and 6.10, the transfer price or
redemption price shall correspond to the fair market value of the shares as
determined in good faith by the board of managers.

6.121f, following the expiry of the aforementioned period, neither the
existing shareholders nor the Company have acquired or repurchased the shares,
the transferring shareholder may freely sell his shares to the proposed new
shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions that were notified to the
Company.

PAGE 5


6.13 Any transfer of shares shall become effective towards the Company
and third parties through the notification of the transfer to, or upon the acceptance
of the transfer by the Company in accordance with article 1690 of the Civil Code.

6.14In the event of death, the shares of the deceased shareholder may only
be transferred to new shareholders subject to the approval of such transfer given
by the remaining shareholders holding at least three-quarters of the shares owned
by the remaining shareholders. Such approval is, however, not required in case the
shares are transferred either to parents, descendants or the surviving spouse or any
other legal heir of the deceased shareholder.

C. DECISIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

Article 7 Collective decisions of the shareholders

7.1 The general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers
expressly reserved to it by the Law and by these articles of association.

7.2 Each shareholder may participate in collective decisions irrespective of
the number of shares which he owns.

7.3 In case and as long as the Company has not more than sixty (60)
shareholders, collective decisions may be validly adopted by means of written
resolutions, except in case of proposed amendments to these articles of
association. To this effect, each shareholder shall receive the full text of the
resolutions to be adopted and shall cast his vote in writing.

7.4 In the case of a sole shareholder, such shareholder shall exercise the
powers granted to the general meeting of shareholders under the provisions of title
VII of the Law and by these articles of association. In such case, any reference
made herein to the “general meeting of shareholders” shall be construed as a
reference to the sole shareholder, depending on the context and as applicable, and
powers conferred upon the general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by
the sole shareholder.

Article 8 General meetings of shareholders

8.1 In case the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, at least one
general meeting of shareholders shall be held within six (6) months of the end of
each financial year in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at the registered office of
the Company or at such other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as may be

specified in the convening notice of such meeting. Other meetings of shareholders

PAGE 6


may be held at such place and time as may be specified in the respective
convening notices of meeting.

8.2 If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting
of shareholders and have waived any convening requirements, the meeting may be
held without prior notice.

8.3 Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through video
conference or by any other means of communication allowing for their
identification, allowing all persons taking part in the meeting to hear one another
on a continuous basis and allowing for an effective participation of all such
persons in the meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation of the
quorums and votes, subject to such means of communication being made
available at the place of the meeting. In such case, at least one (1) shareholder or
his proxyholder shall be physically present at the registered office of the
Company.

8.4 Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed
voting form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of
communication to the Company’s registered office or to the address specified in
the convening notice. The shareholders may only use voting forms provided by
the Company which contain at least the place, date and time of the meeting, the
agenda of the meeting, the proposals submitted to the shareholders, as well as for
each proposal three boxes allowing the shareholder to vote in favour thereof,
against, or abstain from voting by ticking the appropriate box.

8.5 Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i)
a vote in favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention
are void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into
account voting forms received prior to the general meeting to which they relate.

8.6 The board of managers may determine further conditions that must be
fulfilled by the shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting of
shareholders.

8.7 An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of shareholders.

Article 9 Quorum, majority and vote

9.1 Each share entitles to one vote in general meetings of shareholders.

PAGE 7


9.2 The board of managers may suspend the voting rights of any
shareholder in breach of his obligations as described by these articles of
association or any relevant contractual arrangement entered into by such
shareholder.

9.3 A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or
permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder is bound by
such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the Company upon notification to the
latter.

9.4 In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are suspended in
accordance with article 9.2 or the exercise of the voting rights has been waived by
one or several shareholders in accordance with article 9.3, such shareholders are
entitled to receive written shareholders’ resolutions (for information purposes
only) and may attend any general meeting of the Company but the shares they
hold are not taken into account for the determination of the conditions of quorum
and majority to be complied with at the general meetings of the Company or to
determine if written resolutions have been validly adopted.

9.5 In the case of a sole shareholder, articles 9.2 to 9.4 are not applicable.

9.6 Save for more stringent provisions in these articles of association or the
Law, collective decisions of the shareholders are only validly taken in so far as
they are adopted by shareholders holding more than half of the share capital.

Article 10 Amendments of the articles of association

Any amendment of the articles of association requires the approval of
shareholders representing three quarters of the share capital at least.

Article 11 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company by a
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders adopted in the manner required
for an amendment of these articles of association.

D. MANAGEMENT

Article 12 Composition and powers of the board of managers

12.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers. If the
Company has several managers, the managers form a board of managers.

12.2 If the Company is managed by a sole manager, to the extent applicable

and where the term “sole manager” is not expressly mentioned in these articles of

PAGE 8


association, a reference to the “board of managers” used in these articles of
association is to be construed as a reference to the “sole manager”.

12.3 The board of managers is vested with the broadest powers to act in the
name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful to fulfil the
Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers reserved by the
Law or by these articles of association to the general meeting of shareholders.

Article 13 Daily management

The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of the
Company in relation to such daily management may be delegated to one or more
managers, officers or other agents, acting individually or jointly. Their
appointment, removal and powers shall be determined by a resolution of the board
of managers.

Article 14 Appointment, removal and term of ofﬁce of managers

14.1 The manager(s) shall be appointed by the general meeting of
shareholders which shall determine their remuneration and term of office. The
general meeting of shareholders may decide to appoint managers of different
classes, namely class A managers (the “Class A Managers”) and class B
managers (the “Class B Managers”). Any reference made hereinafter to the
“managers” shall be construed as a reference to the Class A Managers and/or the
Class B Managers, depending on the context and as applicable.

14.2 The managers shall be appointed and may be removed from office at
any time, with or without cause, by a collective decision of the shareholders.

Article 15 Convening meetings of the board of managers

15.1 The board of managers shall meet upon call by any manager. The
meetings of the board of managers shall be held at the registered office of the
Company unless otherwise indicated in the notice of meeting.

15.2 Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers must be given
to managers twenty-four (24) hours at least in advance of the time scheduled for
the meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature and the
reasons of such emergency must be mentioned in the notice. Such notice may be
omitted in case of consent of each manager in writing, by facsimile, electronic
mail or any other similar means of communication, a copy of such signed

document being sufficient proof thereof. No prior notice shall be required for a

PAGE 9


board meeting to be held at a time and location determined in a prior resolution
adopted by the board of managers which has been communicated to all managers.

15.3 No prior notice shall be required in case all managers are present or
represented at a board meeting and waive any convening requirement or in the
case of resolutions in writing approved and signed by all members of the board of
managers.

Article 16 Conduct of meetings of the board of managers

16.1 The board of managers may elect a chairman from among its members.
It may also choose a secretary, who does not need to be a manager and who shall
be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meetings of the board of managers.

16.2 The chairman, if any, shall chair all meetings of the board of managers
but, in his absence, the board of managers may appoint another manager as
chairman pro tempore by vote of the majority of managers present or represented
at any such meeting.

16.3 Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing another manager as his proxy in writing, or by facsimile, electronic
mail or any other similar means of communication, a copy of the appointment
being sufficient proof thereof. A manager may represent one or more but not all of
the other managers.

16.4 Meetings of the board of managers may also be held by conference-call
or video conference or by any other means of communication, allowing all
persons participating at such meeting to hear one another on a continuous basis,
allowing an effective participation in the meeting. Participation in a meeting by
these means is equivalent to participation in person at such meeting.

16.5 The board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at least a
majority of the managers are present or represented at a meeting of the board of
managers. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has appointed different
classes of managers, the board of managers may deliberate or act validly only if at
least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager is present or
represented at the meeting.

16.6 Decisions shall be taken by a majority vote of the managers present or
represented at such meeting. In the event the general meeting of shareholders has

appointed different classes of managers, decisions shall be taken by a majority of

PAGE 10


the managers present or represented including at least one (1) Class A Manager
and one (1) Class B Manager. The chairman, if any, shall not have a casting vote.

16.7 The board of managers may unanimously pass resolutions by circular
means when expressing its approval in writing, by facsimile, electronic mail or
any other similar means of communication. Each manager may express his
consent separately, the entirety of the consents evidencing the adoption of the
resolutions. The date of such resolutions shall be the date of the last signature.

Article 17 Conﬂicts of interests

17.1 Save as otherwise provided by the Law, any manager who has, directly
or indirectly, a financial interest conﬂicting with the interest of the Company in
connection with a transaction falling within the competence of the board of
managers, must inform the board of managers of such conﬂict of interest and must
have his declaration recorded in the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant
manager may not take part in the discussions relating to such transaction nor vote
on such transaction. Any such conﬂict of interest must be reported to the next
general meeting of shareholders prior to such meeting taking any resolution on
any other item.

17.2 Where the Company comprises a single manager, transactions made
between the Company and the manager having an interest conﬂicting with that of
the Company are specifically mentioned in the resolution of the sole manager.

17.3 Where, by reason of a conﬂicting interest, the number of managers
required in order to validly deliberate is not met, the board of managers may
decide to submit the decision on this specific item to the general meeting of
shareholders.

17.4 The conﬂict of interest rules shall not apply where the decision of the
board of managers or the sole manager relates to day-to-day transactions entered
into under normal conditions.

Article 18 Minutes of the meeting of the board of managers; Minutes
of the decisions of the sole manager

18.1 The minutes of any meeting of the board of managers shall be signed
(i) by the chairman, if any or in his absence by the chairman pro tempore, and the
secretary (if any), or (ii) by any two (2) managers or, by one (1) Class A Manager

and one (1) Class B Manager if applicable. Copies or excerpts of such minutes,

PAGE 11


which may be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by
the chairman, if any, or by two (2) managers or, by one (1) Class A Manager and
one (1) Class B Manager if applicable.

18.2 Decisions of the sole manager shall be recorded in minutes which shall
be signed by the sole manager. Copies or excerpts of such minutes, which may be
produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise, shall be signed by the sole
manager.

Article 19 Dealing with third parties

19.1 The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all circumstances
(i) by the signature of the sole manager, or if the Company has several managers,
by the joint signature of any two (2) managers, or by the joint signature of one (1)
Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager if applicable, or (ii) by the joint
signature or the sole signature of any persons to whom such signatory power may
have been delegated by the board of managers within the limits of such
delegation.

19.2 Within the limits of the daily management, the Company shall be
bound towards third parties by the signature of any persons to whom such power
may have been delegated, acting individually or jointly within the limits of such
delegation.

E. AUDIT AND SUPERVISION

Article 20 Auditor(s)

20.1 In case and as long as the Company has more than sixty (60)
shareholders, the transactions of the Company shall be supervised by one or
several statutory auditors (commissaires). The general meeting of shareholders
shall appoint the statutory auditor(s) and shall determine their term of office.

20.2 A statutory auditor may be removed at any time, without notice and
with or without cause by the general meeting of shareholders.

20.3 The statutory auditor has an unlimited right of permanent supervision
and control of all transactions of the Company.

20.4 If the shareholders of the Company appoint one or more independent
auditors (re’viseurs d’entreprises agre’e’s ) in accordance with Article 69 of the law

of 19 December 2002 regarding the trade and companies register and the

PAGE 12


accounting and annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, the institution of
statutory auditor(s) is no longer required.
20.5 An independent auditor may only be removed by the general meeting

of shareholders for cause or with his approval.

F. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION
OF PROFITS — INTERIM DIVIDENDS

Article 21 Financial year

The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of January of
each year and shall end on the thirty-first of December of the same year.

Article 22 Annual accounts and allocation of proﬁts

22.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and the board
of managers draws up an inventory of the Company's assets and liabilities, the
balance sheet and the profit and loss accounts in accordance with the law.

22.2 Of the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) at least
shall be allocated to the legal reserve. This allocation shall cease to be mandatory
as soon and as long as the aggregate amount of such reserve amounts to ten per
cent (10%) of the share capital of the Company.

22.3 Sums contributed to a reserve of the Company may also be allocated to
the legal reserve.

22.4 In case of a share capital reduction, the Company’s legal reserve may
be reduced in proportion so that it does not exceed ten per cent (10%) of the share
capital.

22.5 Upon recommendation of the board of managers, the general meeting
of shareholders shall determine how the remainder of the Company’s profits shall
be used in accordance with the Law and these articles of association.

22.6 Distributions shall be made to the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares they hold in the Company.

Article 23 Interim dividends - Share premium and assimilated
premiums

23.1 The board of managers may proceed with the payment of interim

dividends subject to the provisions of the Law.

PAGE 13


23.2 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable reserve
may be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the provisions of the Law
and these articles of association.

G. LIg QUIDATION

Article 24 Liquidation

24.1 In the event of dissolution of the Company in accordance with article
3.2 of these articles of association, the liquidation shall be carried out by one or
several liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders
deciding on such dissolution and which shall determine their powers and their
remuneration. Unless otherwise provided, the liquidators shall have the most
extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and payment of the liabilities of
the Company.

24.2 The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment
of the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares of the Company held by them.

H. FINAL CLAUSE - GOVERNING LAW

Article 25 Governing law

All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined
in accordance with the Law and the SPF Law.

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS

1. The first financial year shall begin on the date of incorporation of the
Company and terminate on 31 December 2018.

2. Interim dividends may be distributed during the Company’s first
financial year.

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The twelve thousand (12,000) shares issued have been subscribed as
follows:

- three thousand (3,000) shares have been subscribed by Mr. Volodymyr
Gorb, aforementioned, for the price of three thousand euro (EUR 3,000);

- three thousand (3,000) shares have been subscribed by Mrs. Oksana
Chuprina, aforementioned, for the price of three thousand euro (EUR 3,000);

- three thousand (3,000) shares have been subscribed by Mr. Polina
Gorb, aforementioned, for the price of three thousand euro (EUR 3,000); and

PAGE 14


- three thousand (3,000) shares have been subscribed by Mr. Kateryna
Gorb, aforementioned, for the price of three thousand euro (EUR 3,000).

The shares so subscribed have been fully paid up by a contribution in cash
so that the amount of twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000) is as of now available
to the Company, as it has been justified to the undersigned notary.

The total contribution in the amount of twelve thousand euro (EUR 12,000)
is entirely allocated to the share capital.

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary herewith declares that he has verified the existence
of the conditions provided for or referred to in Articles 710-6 and 710-7, first
paragraph, of the Law and expressly states that they have been complied with.

EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form whatsoever
incurred by the Company or which shall be borne by the Company in connection
with its incorporation are estimated at approximately EUR 1,600.-.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

The incorporating shareholders, representing the entire share capital of the
Company and having waived any convening requirements, have passed the
following resolutions:

1. The address of the registered office of the Company is set at 19 rue de
Bitbourg, L-1273 Luxembourg.

2. Mr. Edgars Murans, born on 26 February 1978 in Riga (Latvia),
residing at 70-6 Slokas street, Riga, LV-1007 Latvia is appointed as sole manager
of the Company for an unlimited term.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
specified at the beginning of this document.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the appearing parties, this deed is worded in English
followed by a French translation; at the request of the same appearing parties and
in case of discrepancy between the English and the French text, the English
version shall prevail.

The document having been read to the proxyholders of the appearing

parties, known to the notary by name, first name and residence, the said

PAGE 15


proxyholders of the appearing parties signed together with the notary the present
deed.

Suit la traduction française de ce qui précède.

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le sept décembre.

Par-devant nous Maître Henri Hellinckx, notaire de résidence à
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

ONT COMPARU :

1) Monsieur Volodymyr Gorb, né à Dnipropetrovskaya oblast, Ukraine,
le 21 décembre 1963, résidant a 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka rue, apartment 5,
Dnipro, Ukraine,

dûment représenté par Monsieur Marc Berna, Avocat à la Cour, résidant
professionnellement à Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée le 2
novembre 2018 ;

2) Madame Oksana Chuprina, née a Dnipropetrovskaya oblast,
Ukraine, le 26 juin1971, résidant a 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka rue, apartment 5,
Dnipro, Ukraine,

dûment représentée par Monsieur Marc Bema, prénommé, en vertu d’une
procuration donnée le 2 novembre 2018 ;

3) Mademoiselle Polina Horb, née a Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, 1e 27
octobre 1996, résidant a 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka rue, apartment 5, Dnipro,
Ukraine,

dûment représentée par Monsieur Marc Bema, prénommé, en vertu d’une
procuration donnée le 2 novembre 2018 ;

4) Mademoiselle Kateryna Horb, née a Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine, 1e 15
décembre 1994, résidant a 13, Arkhitektora Dolnyka rue, apartment 5, Dnipro,
Ukraine,

dûment représentée par Monsieur Marc Bema, prénommé, en vertu d’une
procuration donnée le 2 novembre 2018.

Lesdites procurations, paraphées ne varietur par le mandataire des
comparants et le notaire instrumentant, resteront annexées au présent acte pour

être soumises avec lui aux formalités d’enregistrement.

PAGE 16


Les comparants ont requis le notaire instrumentant de dresser l’acte de
constitution d’une société à responsabilité limitée qu’ils souhaitent constituer avec

les statuts suivants :

A. DENOMINATION - OB ET SOCIAL - DURÉE - SIÈGE SOCIAL

 

Article 1 Dénomination - Forme

Il existe une société de gestion de patrimoine familial sous la forme d’une
société à responsabilité limitée sous la dénomination «Prosperitas Investments
S.à r.l. - SPF» (ci-après la « Société ») qui sera régie par la loi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la « Loi >>), la loi du 11
mai 2007 concernant la création d’une société de gestion de patrimoine familial
(la «Loi SPF») ainsi que par les présents statuts et tout pacte d’actionnaires
conclue entre les actionnaires.

Article 2 Objet social

2.1 La Société a uniquement pour objet l’acquisition, la détention, la
gestion et la réalisation d’actifs financiers tels que définis par la Loi SPF, à
l’exclusion de toute activité commerciale.

2.2 La Société n’est admise à détenir une participation dans une société
qu’a la condition de ne pas s’immiscer dans la gestion de cette société.

2.3 La Société peut accorder des garanties, des sûretés, des prêts ou assister
de toute autre manière des sociétés dans lesquelles elle détient une participation
directe ou indirecte ou un droit de quelque nature que ce soit ou qui font partie du
même groupe de sociétés que la Société, sous réserve des dispositions des diverses
lois applicables et des limites prévues par la loi SPF.

2.4 La Société peut, excepté par voie d’appel publique à l’épargne, lever
des fonds en faisant des emprunts sous toute forme ou en émettant toute sorte
d’obligations, de titres ou d’instruments de dettes, d’obligations garanties ou non
garanties, et d’une manière générale en émettant des valeurs mobilières de tout
type.

2.5 La Société peut exercer toute activité qu’elle estime utile pour
l’accomplissement de ces objets, tout en respectant a tout moment les limites
établies par la Loi SPF.

Article 3 Durée

3.1 La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

PAGE 17


3.2 Elle peut être dissoute a tout moment par une décision de l’assemblée
générale des associés adoptée avec l’assentiment de la moitié des associés
possédant les trois quarts de l’avoir social au moins.

Article 4 Siège social

4.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la Ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4.2. Le conseil de gérance peut transférer le siège social de la Société au
sein de la même commune ou, dans les cas prévus par la loi, dans toute autre
commune du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et modifier, si nécessaire, ces statuts
afin de reﬂéter le changement de siège social.

4.3 Des succursales ou bureaux peuvent être créés, tant au Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg qu'à l'étranger, par décision du conseil de gérance.

4.4 Dans l’hypothèse où le conseil de gérance estimerait que des
événements exceptionnels d'ordre politique, économique ou social ou des
catastrophes naturelles se sont produits ou seraient imminents, de nature a
interférer avec l'activité normale de la Société a son siège social, il pourra
transférer provisoirement le siège social a l'étranger jusqu'a la cessation complète
de ces circonstances exceptionnelles ; ces mesures provisoires n'auront toutefois
aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert
provisoire, restera luxembourgeoise.

B. CAPITAL SOCIAL — PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5 Capital social

5.1 Le capital social de la Société est fixé à douze mille euros (EUR
12.000), représenté par douze mille (12.000) parts sociales ayant une valeur
nominale d’un euro (EUR ]) chacune.

5.2 Le capital social de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
décision de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société, adoptée selon les
conditions requises pour la modification des présents statuts.

5.3 La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales aux conditions
prévues par la Loi.

5.4 Le conseil de gérance est autorisé à annuler des parts sociales rachetées

par la Société et à décider d’une réduction de capital social afférente.

PAGE 18


Article 6 Parts sociales - Transfert des parts sociales

6.1 La Société peut avoir un ou plusieurs associés sans excéder la limite de
cent (100) associés. Au cas où le nombre des associés vient à dépasser la limite de
cent (100) pour quelque raison que ce soit, la Société devra dans un délai d’un (1)
an à compter du dépassement de la limite, être transformée en une société revêtant
une autre forme sociale.

Le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la dissolution, la liquidation, la
faillite ou l’insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire d’un des associés
n’entraînera pas la dissolution de la Société.

6.2 Les parts sociales de la Société sont nominatives.

6.3 Un registre des parts sociales est tenu au siège social de la Société où il
est mis à disposition de chaque associé pour consultation. Ce registre contient
toutes les informations requises par la Loi. Des certificats attestant des
inscriptions faites dans le registre concernant un associé peuvent être émis sur
demande et aux frais de cet associé.

6.4 La Société ne reconnaît qu'un seul titulaire par part sociale. Les
copropriétaires indivis nommeront un représentant unique qui les représentera vis-
à-vis de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits
relatifs à cette part sociale, à l’exception du droit à l’information, jusqu'à ce qu'un
tel représentant ait été désigné.

6.5 Les parts sociales sont librement cessibles entre associés.

6.6 Les actions ne peuvent être détenues que par des investisseurs éligibles
tels que définis à l’article 3 de la Loi SPF.

6.7 Inter vivos, les parts sociales seront uniquement cessibles à des tiers
sous réserve qu’une telle cession ait été approuvée préalablement par des associés
représentant au moins les trois quarts des parts sociales.

6.8 Lorsqu’un associé envisage de céder une ou plusieurs parts sociales à
un tiers, l’associé cédant doit envoyer une notification à la Société contenant les
éléments de la cession envisagée, y compris l’identité du cessionnaire, les
conditions applicables àla cession (le cas échéant) et le prix de cession.

6.9 Si la cession envisagée n’est pas approuvée par les associés de la
Société conformément à l’article 6.7, les associés peuvent, dans un délai de trois

(3) mois à compter de la date du refus, acquérir les parts sociales en respectant le

PAGE 19


principe de l’égalité de traitement (sauf s’ils en ont convenu autrement) ou faire
acquérir les parts sociales a un prix déterminé conformément à l’article 6.11, sauf
si l’associé cédant décide de renoncer au transfert. Sur requête du conseil de
gérance, la période de trois (3) mois peut être prolongée par le magistrat présidant
la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et
comme en matière de référé, sans que cette prolongation ne puisse excéder six (6)
mois.

6.10 Dans la mesure où les associés n’ont pas proposé d’acquérir les parts
sociales, la Société peut, dans le même délai et avec le consentement de l’associé
cédant, décider de (i) réduire son capital social du montant correspondant a la
valeur nominale des parts de l’associé cédant et (ii) racheter et annuler ces parts a
un prix déterminé conformément à l’article 6.11.

6.11 Aux fins des articles 6.9 et 6.10, le prix de transfert ou le prix de rachat
correspondra à la juste valeur de marché des parts sociales déterminée de bonne
foi par le conseil de gérance.

6.12 Si, à l’expiration du délai imparti, ni les associés existants, ni la Société
n’ont acquis ou racheté les parts sociales, l’associé cédant peut librement céder ses
parts sociales au(x) nouvel (nouveaux) associé(s) proposé(s) au prix de cession et
aux conditions notifiées a la Société.

6.13 Toute cession de parts sociales est opposable à la Société et aux tiers
sur notification de la cession à la Société, ou après l’acceptation de la cession par
la Société conformément aux dispositions de l’article 1690 du Code civil.

6.14 En cas de décès, les parts sociales de l’associé décédé pourront être
uniquement transférées au nouvel associé sous réserve qu’un tel transfert ait été
approuvé par les associés survivants représentant au moins les trois quarts des
parts sociales appartenant aux survivants. Un tel agrément n’est cependant pas
requis dans l’hypothèse où les parts sociales sont transférées soit aux ascendants,
descendants ou au conjoint survivant ou a tout autre héritier légal de l’associé
décédé.

C. DECISIONS DES ASSOCIES

Article 7 Décisions collectives des associés

7.1 L'assemblée générale des associés est investie des pouvoirs qui lui sont

expressément réservés par la Loi et par les présents statuts.

PAGE 20


7.2 Chaque associé a la possibilité de participer aux décisions collectives
quel que soit le nombre de parts sociales qu’il détient.

7.3 Dans l’hypothèse où et tant que la Société n’a pas plus de soixante (60)
associés, des décisions collectives qui relèveraient d’ordinaire de la compétence
de l’assemblée générale, pourront être valablement adoptées par voie de décisions
écrites, à l’exception des propositions de modification des statuts. Dans ce cas,
chaque associé recevra le texte intégral de ces résolutions à adopter et votera par
écrit.

7.4 En cas d’associé unique, cet associé exercera les pouvoirs dévolus à
l’assemblée générale des associés en vertu des dispositions du titre VII de la Loi
et des présents statuts. Dans cette hypothèse, toute référence faite a « l’assemblée
générale des associés » devra être entendue comme une référence a « l’associé
unique » selon le contexte, et le cas échéant, et les pouvoirs conférés à
l’assemblée générale des associés seront exercés par l’associé unique.

Article 8 Assemblées générales des associés

8.1 Dans l’hypothèse où la Société comporte plus de soixante (60) associés,
une assemblée générale des associés devra être tenue au minimum dans les six (6)
mois suivant la fin de chaque exercice social au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg au
siège social de la Société ou à tout autre endroit au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg
tel que précisé dans la convocation à cette assemblée générale. D’autres
assemblées générales d’associés pourront être tenues aux lieux et heures indiquées
dans les convocations aux assemblées générales correspondantes.

8.2 Lorsque tous les associés sont présents ou représentés à l’assemblée
générale des associés et ont renoncé aux formalités de convocation, l’assemblée
pourra être tenue sans convocation ou publication préalable.

8.3 Les associés participant à une assemblée par conférence téléphonique,
par visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication permettant de les
identifier, permettant à toute personne participant à cette assemblée de s’entendre
mutuellement de manière continue, et permettant une participation effective de ces
personnes à l’assemblée, sont réputés être présents pour le calcul du quorum et
des voix, à la condition que ces moyens de communication soient mis à

disposition au lieu de tenue de l’assemblée. Dans ce cas, au moins un (1) associé

ou son mandataire doit être physiquement présent au siège social de la Société.

PAGE 21


8.4 Chaque associé peut voter à une assemblée générale par
correspondance au moyen d’un formulaire de vote envoyé par lettre, courrier
électronique, par télécopie ou par tout autre moyen de communication au siège
social de la Société ou à l’adresse mentionnée dans l’avis de convocation. Les
associés peuvent uniquement utiliser les formulaires de vote par correspondance
distribués par la Société et qui contiennent au moins le lieu, la date et l’heure de
l’assemblée, l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée, les propositions soumises aux
associés, ainsi que pour chaque proposition trois cases autorisant l’associé à voter
en faveur, contre ou à s’abstenir de voter en cochant la case appropriée.

8.5 Les formulaires de vote qui, pour une résolution proposée, ne font pas
apparaître (i) un vote en faveur (ii) un vote contre la résolution proposée ou (iii)
une abstention sont nuls en ce qui concerne cette résolution. La Société doit
seulement prendre en compte les formulaires de vote reçus avant l’assemblée
générale à laquelle ils se rapportent.

8.6 Le conseil de gérance peut déterminer des conditions supplémentaires à
remplir par les associés afin de pouvoir participer aux assemblées générales des
associés.

8.7 Une liste de présence doit être dressée à toutes les assemblées générales
des associés.

Article 9 Quorum, majorité et vote

9.1 Chaque part sociale donne droit à une voix aux assemblées générales
des associés.

9.2 Le conseil de gérance peut suspendre les droits de vote de tout associé
qui ne remplit pas ses obligations telles que décrites par les statuts ou toute
convention à laquelle cet associé est partie.

9.3 Un associé peut décider, à titre personnel, de ne pas exercer,
temporairement ou de façon permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote. Une
telle renonciation lie l’associé renonçant et s’impose àla Société dès notification à
cette dernière.

9.4 Si les droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs associés sont suspendus
conformément à l’article 9.2 ou si un ou plusieurs associés ont renoncé à leurs
droits de vote conformément à l’article 9.3, ces associés conservent le droit de

recevoir à titre informatif les résolutions écrites des associés et peuvent participer

PAGE 22


à toute assemblée de la Société, toutefois les parts sociales qu’ils détiennent ne
seront pas comptabilisées pour la détermination des conditions de quorum et de
majorité à respecter durant les assemblées générales de la Société ou pour
déterminer si les résolutions écrites ont été valablement adoptées.

9.5 En cas d’associé unique, les articles 9.2 à 9.4 ne sont pas applicables.

9.6 Sous réserve de dispositions plus strictes des présents statuts ou de la
Loi, les décisions collectives des associés de la Société ne seront valablement
adoptées que pour autant qu’elles auront été adoptées par des associés détenant
plus de la moitié du capital social.

Article 10 Modification des statuts

Toute modification des statuts requiert l’accord des associés représentant au
moins les trois quarts du capital social.

Article 11 Changement de nationalité

Les associés peuvent changer la nationalité de la Société par une résolution
de l’assemblée générale des associés adoptée dans les conditions requises pour
une modification des présents statuts.

D. GERANCE

Article 12 Composition et pouvoirs du conseil de gérance

12.1 La Société peut être gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants. Si la Société a
plusieurs gérants, les gérants forment un conseil de gérance.

12.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un gérant unique, le cas échéant et
lorsque le terme « gérant unique » n’est pas expressément mentionné dans ces
statuts, une référence au « conseil de gérance » dans ces statuts devra être
entendue comme une référence au « gérant unique ».

12.3 Le conseil de gérance est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir
au nom de la Société et pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire ou utile pour
l’accomplissement de l’objet social de la Société, à l’exception des pouvoirs
réservés par la Loi ou par les présents statuts à l’assemblée générale des associés.

Article 13 Gestion journalière

La gestion journalière de la Société ainsi que la représentation de la Société
en rapport avec une telle gestion journalière peut être déléguée à un ou plusieurs

gérants, dirigeants ou autres agents, agissant individuellement ou conjointement.

PAGE 23


Leur nomination, leur révocation et leurs pouvoirs seront déterminés par une
décision du conseil de gérance.

Article 14 Nomination, révocation des gérants et durée du mandat des
gérants

14.1 Les gérants sont nommés par l’assemblée générale des associés qui
détermine leur rémunération et la durée de leur mandat. L’assemblée générale des
associés peut décider de nommer des gérants de catégories différentes, à savoir
des gérants de catégorie A (les « Gérants de Catégorie A ») et des gérants de
catégorie B (les « Gérants de Catégorie B »). Toute référence faite ci-après aux
« gérants » doit s’interpréter comme une référence aux Gérants de Catégorie A
eru Gérants de Catégorie B en fonction du contexte et le cas échéant.

14.2 Les gérants sont nommés et peuvent être librement révoqués a tout
moment, avec ou sans motif, par une décision des associés.

Article 15 Convocation aux réunions du conseil de gérance

15.1 Le conseil de gérance se réunit sur convocation de tout gérant. Les
réunions du conseil de gérance sont tenues au siège social de la Société sauf
indication contraire dans la convocation à la réunion.

15.2 Une convocation écrite à toute réunion du conseil de gérance doit être
donné aux gérants au minimum vingt-quatre (24) heures a l’avance par rapport a
l’heure fixée dans la convocation, sauf en cas d’urgence, auquel cas la nature et
les motifs d’une telle urgence seront mentionnés dans la convocation. Une telle
convocation peut être omise en cas d’accord écrit de chaque gérant, par télécopie,
courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication. Une copie d’un
tel document signé constituera une preuve suffisante d’un tel accord. Aucune
convocation préalable ne sera exigée pour un conseil de gérance dont le lieu et
l’heure auront été déterminés par une décision adoptée lors d’un précédent conseil
de gérance, communiquée à tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

15.3 Aucune convocation préalable ne sera requise dans l’hypothèse où tous
les gérants seront présents ou représentés à un conseil de gérance et renonceraient
aux formalités de convocation ou dans l’hypothèse de décisions écrites et

approuvées par tous les membres du conseil de gérance.

PAGE 24


Article 16 Conduite des réunions du conseil de gérance

16.1 Le conseil de gérance peut élire un président du conseil de gérance
parmi ses membres. Il peut également désigner un secrétaire, qui peut ne pas être
membre du conseil de gérance et qui sera chargé de tenir les procès-verbaux des
réunions du conseil de gérance.

16.2 Le président du conseil de gérance, s’il y en a un, préside toutes les
réunions du conseil de gérance. En son absence, le conseil de gérance peut
nommer provisoirement un autre gérant en qualité de président temporaire par un
vote àla majorité des gérants présents ou représentés àla réunion.

16.3 Tout gérant peut se faire représenter à chaque réunion du conseil de
gérance en désignant tout autre gérant comme son mandataire par écrit, ou par
télécopie, courrier électronique ou tout autre moyen de communication, une copie
du mandat en constituant une preuve suffisante. Un gérant peut représenter un ou
plusieurs gérants, mais non la totalité des membres du conseil de gérance.

16.4 Les réunions du conseil de gérance peuvent également se tenir par
conférence téléphonique ou visioconférence ou par tout autre moyen de
communication permettant à toutes les personnes y participant de s'entendre
mutuellement sans discontinuité, garantissant une participation effective à cette
réunion. La participation à une réunion par ces moyens équivaut à une
participation en personne.

16.5 Le conseil de gérance ne peut délibérer ou statuer valablement que si au
moins la majorité de ses membres est présente ou représentée à une réunion du
conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où l’assemblée générale des associés a
nommé des gérants de catégories différentes, le conseil de gérance ne peut
délibérer ou agir valablement que si au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un
(1) Gérant de Catégorie B est présent ou représenté à la réunion du conseil de
gérance.

16.6 Les décisions sont prises àla majorité des voix des gérants présents ou
représentés à chaque réunion du conseil de gérance. Dans l’hypothèse où
l’assemblée générale des associés a nommé des gérants de catégories différentes,

les décisions doivent être adoptées par une majorité de gérants présents ou

représentés comprenant au moins un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant

PAGE 25


de Catégorie B. Le président du conseil de gérance, le cas échéant, ne dispose pas
d’une voix prépondérante.

16.7 Le conseil de gérance peut, à l'unanimité, prendre des décisions par
résolution circulaire en exprimant son approbation par écrit, par télécopie, par
courrier électronique ou par tout autre moyen de communication. Chaque gérant
peut exprimer son consentement séparément, l’ensemble des consentements
attestant de l'adoption des décisions. La date de ces décisions sera la date de la
dernière signature.

Article 17 Conﬂit d’intérêts

17.1 Sauf dispositions contraires de la Loi, tout gérant qui a, directement ou
indirectement, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale opposé à celui de la Société à
l’occasion d’une opération relevant du conseil de gérance est tenu d’en prévenir le
conseil de gérance et de faire mentionner cette déclaration dans le procès-verbal
de la séance. Le gérant concerné ne peut prendre part ni aux discussions relatives
à cette opération, ni au vote y afférent. Ce conﬂit d’intérêts doit également faire
l’objet d’un rapport aux associés, lors de la prochaine assemblée générale des
associés, et avant toute prise de décision de l’assemblée générale des associés sur
tout autre point à l’ordre du jour.

17.2 Lorsque la Société comprend un gérant unique, les opérations conclues
entre la Société et ce gérant ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société doivent
être mentionnées dans la décision du gérant unique.

17.3 Lorsque, en raison d’un conﬂit d’intérêts, le nombre de gérants requis
afin de délibérer valablement n’est pas atteint, le conseil de gérance peut décider
de déférer la décision sur ce point spécifique à l’assemblée générale des associés.

17.4 Les règles régissant le conﬂit d’intérêts ne s’appliquent pas lorsque la
décision du conseil de gérance ou du gérant unique se rapporte à des opérations
courantes, conclues dans des conditions normales.

Article 18 Procès-verbaux des réunions du conseil de gérance ; procès-

verbaux des décisions du gérant unique

18.1 Les procès-verbaux de toutes les réunions du conseil de gérance seront
signés par (i) le président, s’il y en a un, ou en son absence, par le président
temporaire, et le secrétaire (s’il y en a un) ou (ii) par deux (2) gérants ou par un

(1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas échéant. Les
PAGE 26


copies ou extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou
autre seront, le cas échéant, signés par le président le cas échéant, ou par deux (2)
gérants ou par un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le
cas échéant

18.2 Les décisions du gérant unique sont retranscrites dans des procès-
verbaux qui seront signés par le gérant unique. Les copies ou extraits de ces
procès-verbaux qui pourront être produits en justice ou dans tout autre contexte
seront signés par le gérant unique.

Article 19 Rapports avec les tiers

19.1 La Société sera valablement engagée à l’égard des tiers en toutes
circonstances (i) par la signature du gérant unique, ou, si la Société a plusieurs
gérants, par la signature conjointe de deux (2) gérants, ou (ii) par la signature
conjointe d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie A et d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B, le cas
échéant, ou (iii) par la signature conjointe ou la seule signature de toutes
personnes auxquelles un tel pouvoir de signature aura été délégué par le conseil de
gérance, dans les limites de cette délégation.

19.2 Dans les limites de la gestion journalière, la Société est engagée à
l’égard des tiers par la signature de toutes les personnes auxquelles un tel pouvoir
aura été délégué par le conseil de gérance, agissant individuellement ou
conjointement dans les limites d’une telle délégation.

E. AUDIT ET SURVEILLANCE

Article 20 C0mmissaire(s) — Réviseur(s) d'entreprises agréé(s)

20.1 Dans l’hypothèse où, et tant que la Société comporte plus de soixante
(60) associés, les opérations de la Société seront surveillées par un ou plusieurs
commissaires. L'assemblée générale des associés désigne les commissaires et
détermine la durée de leurs fonctions.

20.2 Un commissaire pourra être révoqué à tout moment, sans préavis, avec
ou sans motif, par l'assemblée générale des associés.

20.3 Le commissaire a un droit illimité de surveillance et de contrôle
permanents sur toutes les opérations de la Société.

20.4 Si les associés de la Société désignent un ou plusieurs réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés conformément à l'article 69 de la loi du 19 décembre 2002

concernant le registre de commerce et des sociétés ainsi que la comptabilité et les

PAGE 27


comptes annuels des entreprises, telle que modifiée, la fonction de commissaire ne
sera plus requise.

20.5 Le réviseur d'entreprises agréé ne pourra être révoqué par l'assemblée
générale des associés que pour juste motif ou avec son accord.

F. EXERCICE SOCIAL — COMPTES ANNUELS — AFFECTATION
DES BENEFICES — ACOMPTES SUR DIVIDENDES

Article 21 Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier de chaque
année et se termine le trente-et-un décembre de la même année.

Article 22 Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéfices

22.1 Au terme de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont clôturés et le
conseil de gérance dresse un inventaire de l'actif et du passif de la Société, le bilan
et le compte de profits et pertes, conformément à la loi.

22.2 Sur les bénéfices annuels nets de la Société, cinq pour cent (5%) au
moins seront affectés à la réserve légale. Cette affectation cessera d'être
obligatoire dès que et tant que le montant total de la réserve légale de la Société
atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la Société.

22.3 Les sommes apportées à une réserve de la Société peuvent également
être affectées àla réserve légale.

22.4 En cas de réduction du capital social, la réserve légale de la Société
pourra être réduite en proportion afin qu'elle n'excède pas dix pour cent (10%) du
capital social.

22.5 Sur proposition du conseil de gérance, l'assemblée générale des
associés décide de l’affectation du solde des bénéfices distribuables de la Société
conformément àla Loi et aux présents statuts.

22.6 Les distributions aux associés sont effectuées en proportion du nombre
de parts sociales qu’ils détiennent dans la Société.

Article 23 Acomptes sur dividendes - Prime d'émission et primes
assimilées

23.1 Le conseil de gérance peut procéder au paiement d’acomptes sur

dividendes conformément aux dispositions de la Loi.

PAGE 28


23.2 Toute prime d'émission, prime assimilée ou réserve distribuable peut
être librement distribuée aux associés conformément aux dispositions de la Loi et
aux présents statuts.

G. LIg QUIDATION

Article 24 Liquidation

24.1 En cas de dissolution de la Société, conformément à l’article 3.2 des
présents statuts, la liquidation sera effectuée par un ou plusieurs liquidateurs
nommés par l'assemblée générale des associés ayant décidé de cette dissolution et
qui fixera les pouvoirs et émoluments de chacun des liquidateurs. Sauf
dispositions contraires, les liquidateurs disposeront des pouvoirs les plus étendus
pour la réalisation de l’actif et du passif de la Société.

24.2 Le surplus résultant de la réalisation de l’actif et du passif sera distribué
entre les associés au prorata de leur participation.

H. DISPOSITION FINALE — LOI APPLICABLE

Article 25 Loi applicable

Tout ce qui n'est pas régi par les présents statuts, sera déterminé en
conformité avec la Loi et la Loi SPF.

DISPOSITIONS TRANSITOIRES

1. Le premier exercice social commence le jour de la constitution de la
Société et se terminera le 31 décembre 2018.

2. Des acomptes sur dividendes pourront être distribués pendant le
premier exercice social de la Société.

SOUSCRIPTION ET PAIEMENT

Les douze mille (12.000) parts sociales émises ont été souscrites comme
suit :

- trois mille (3.000) sociales ont été souscrites par Monsieur Volodymyr
Gorb, susmentionné, pour un prix de trois mille euros (EUR 3.000);

- trois mille (3.000) sociales ont été souscrites par Madame Oksana
Chuprina, susmentionnée, pour un prix de trois mille euros (EUR 3.000);

- trois mille (3.000) sociales ont été souscrites par Mademoiselle Polina
Horb, susmentionnée, pour un prix de trois mille euros (EUR 3.000);

- trois mille (3.000) sociales ont été souscrites par Mademoiselle

Kateryna Horb, susmentionnée, pour un prix de trois mille euros (EUR 3.000).

PAGE 29


Toutes les parts sociales ainsi souscrites ont été intégralement libérées par
voie d’apport en numéraire, de sorte que le montant de douze mille euros (EUR
12.000) est dès à présent à la disposition de la Société, ce dont il a été justifié au
notaire soussigné.

L’apport global d’un montant de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000) est
entièrement affecté au capital social.

DECLARATION

Le notaire soussigné déclare avoir vérifié l’existence des conditions prévues
par ou posées par les articles 710-6 et 710-7, premier alinéa, de la Loi et déclare
expressément qu’elles ont été remplies.

FRAIS

Le montant des dépenses, frais, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit, qui incombent àla Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en raison
de sa constitution est évalué à environ EUR 1.600,-.

RESOLUTIONS DES ASSOCIES

Les associés fondateurs, représentant l'intégralité du capital social de la
Société et ayant renoncé aux formalités de convocation, ont adopté les résolutions
suivantes :

1. L'adresse du siège social de la Société est établie au 19 rue de Bitbourg,
L-1273 Luxembourg.

2. Monsieur Edgars Murans, né le 26 février 1978 à Riga (Lettonie),
résidant à 70-6 Slokas street, Riga, LV-1007 Lituanie, est nommée comme gérant
unique pour une durée indéterminée.

Dont acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg, à la date figurant en tête des
présentes.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate sur demande
des comparants que le présent acte est rédigé en langue anglaise suivi d'une
traduction en français ; à la demande des mêmes comparants et en cas de
divergence entre le texte anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fait foi.

L'acte ayant été lu au mandataire des comparants connu du notaire
instrumentant par nom, prénom, et résidence, ledit mandataire des comparants a

signé avec le notaire le présent acte.

signé : M. BERNA et H. HELLINCKX.
PAGE 30


Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, 1e 17 décembre 2018.
Relation: 1LAC/2018/41094
Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75.- €
Le Receveur, (s) P. MOLLING.

- POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME -

Délivrée àla société sur demande.

Luxembourg, le 28 décembre 2018.

PAGE 31


