Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230601

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_004.19
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_004 le 04/01/2019

Déposé le 04/01/2019

ICN Synergy RE S.C.A., SICAV-RAIF
Société en Commandite par actions
Qualiﬁée de Société d’Investissement à Capital Variable -
Fonds d’Investissement Alternatif Réservé
L-2954 Luxembourg
1, Place de Metz

Constitution de société
Du 7 décembre 2018
NUMERO 3525/2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the seventh of December.

Before us, Maitre Henri Hellinckx, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARED:

1. ICN Synergy GP S.à r.l., a private limited liability company
incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, the registration of which
with the Registre de commerce et des sociétés is still pending, having its
registered ofﬁce at 23-25 Rue des Bains, L-1212 Luxembourg (the “General
Partner”),

here represented by Mr Nicolas Haas, Avocat, professionally residing in
Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy, given in Luxembourg, on 6th December 2018,
and

2. Nikolaas Coenegrachts, born in Turnhout, Belgium, on July 02, 1975
professionally residing at 50, rue Charles Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg,

PAGE 1


here represented by Mr Nicolas Haas, Avocat, professionally residing in
Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy, given in Luxembourg, on 6th December 2018,
and

3. Jan Coenegrachts, born in Turnhout, Belgium, on November O9, 1977,
professionally residing at 50, rue Charles Martel, L-2134 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg,

here represented by Mr Nicolas Haas, Avocat, professionally residing in
Luxembourg, by virtue of a proxy, given in Luxembourg, on 6th December 2018.

The said proxies, initialled ne varietur by the proxyholder of the appearing
parties and the notary, shall remain annexed to this deed to be ﬁled at the same
time with the registration authorities.

Such appearing parties have requested the ofﬁciating notary to enact the
deed of incorporation of a partnership limited by shares (société en commandite
par actions) which they wish to incorporate with the following articles of

association:

PART I — ARTICLE OF GENERAL APPLICATION

A. NAME - PURPOSE — DURATION - REGISTERED OFFICE

Article 1 Name and form

There exists a partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par
actions) qualifying as a reserved alternative investment fund in the form of an
investment company with variable share capital (socie'te' d’investissement à capital
variable — fonds d’investissement re'serve') under the name ICN SYNERGY RE
S.C.A., SICAV-RAIF (hereinafter the “Company”) which shall be governed by
the law of 23 July 2016 relating to reserved alternative investment funds, as
amended (the “2016 Law”), the law of 10 August 1915 concerning commercial
companies, as amended (the “1915 Law”), as well as by the present articles of
association.

Article 2 Purpose

The purpose of the Company is the investment of the funds available to it in
securities of all types, undertakings for collective investment or any other
permissible assets, with a view to spreading investment risks and enabling its
shareholders to beneﬁt from the results of the management thereof.

The Company may raise funds through borrowing in any form or by issuing

any kind of notes, securities or debt instruments, bonds and debentures and

PAGE 2


generally issue securities of any type. Articles 12, 13, 14 and 15 of these articles
of association shall apply mutatis mutandis to those instruments.

An additional purpose of the Company is the acquisition and sale of real
estate properties either in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad, including
the direct or indirect holding of participations in Luxembourg or foreign
companies, the principal object of which is the acquisition, development,
promotion, sale, management and/or lease of real estate properties.

The Company may take any measures and conduct any operations it sees ﬁt
for the purpose of achieving or developing its purpose in accordance with the
2016 Law.

Article 3 Duration

3.1 The Company is incorporated for an unlimited period of time.

3.2 It may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the general meeting
of shareholders adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these articles
of association.

Article 4 Registered ofﬁce

4.1 The registered ofﬁce of the Company is established in Luxembourg,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4.2 The General Partner (as deﬁned below) may transfer the registered
ofﬁce within the same municipality or to any other municipality in the Grand
Duchy of and amend these articles of association accordingly.

4.3 Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the General Partner.

4.4 In the event that the General Partner determines that extraordinary
political, economic or social circumstances or natural disasters have occurred or
are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its
registered ofﬁce, the registered ofﬁce may be temporarily transferred abroad until
the complete cessation of these extraordinary circumstances; such temporary
measures shall not affect the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding
the temporary transfer of its registered ofﬁce, shall remain a Luxembourg

company.

PAGE 3


B. SHARE CAPITAL — SHARES — NET ASSET VALUE

Article 5 Share capital

5.1 The share capital of the Company shall be represented by shares of no
nominal value and shall at all times be equal to the total net asset value of the
Company and its Sub-Funds (as deﬁned in Article 11 hereof). The share capital of
the Company shall thus vary ipso iure, without any amendment to these articles of
association and without compliance with measures regarding publication and
entry into the Trade and Companies Register.

5.2 The minimum share capital of the Company may not be less than the
level provided for by the 2016 Law. Such minimum capital must be reached
within a period of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Company has
been authorised as a specialised investment fund under Luxembourg law.

5.3 The Company is incorporated with an initial share capital of thirty-one
thousand euro (EUR 31,000.-) represented by one hundred and twenty (120) fully
paid-up ordinary shares of no nominal value with an initial par value of two
hundred and ﬁfty euro (EUR 250.-) each (the “Limited Shares” and the holders
thereof the “Limited Shareholder(s)”) and one (1) unlimited share (the
“Unlimited Share” and the holder thereof the “General Partner”) of no nominal
value with an initial par value of one thousand euro (EUR 1,000.-). The Unlimited
Share is held by the General Partner (actionnaire commandite'). The Investor
Shares and the Unlimited Share are hereafter together referred to as the “shares”.

5.4 For the purposes of the consolidation of the accounts the base currency
of the Company shall be euro (EUR).

Article 6 Shares

The shares of the Company are in registered form. The Company will not
issue bearer shares.

A register of shares shall be kept at the registered ofﬁce of the Company,
where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder. This register shall
contain all the information required by the Law. Ownership of shares is
established by registration in said share register. Certiﬁcates evidencing
registrations made in the register with respect to a shareholder shall be issued
upon request and at the expense of the relevant shareholder.

The Company may issue shares which do not grant the right to vote to their

holders (“Non-Voting Shares“). However, the holders of Non-Voting Shares

PAGE 4


shall be entitled to vote to any general meetings of shareholders which may decide
on an amendment of the rights attached to the Non-Voting Shares or on the
dissolution of the Company.

Article 7 Continuation of the Company — replacement of the General
Partner

7.1 Death, suspension of civil rights, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency
or any other similar event regarding any of the shareholders shall not cause the
dissolution of the Company. In the event of legal incapacity, dissolution,
revocation, resignation, hindrance, bankruptcy or any similar situation of the sole
General Partner, the Company shall continue to exist.

7.2 If any such event occurs with respect to the sole General Partner and if
no replacement has been provided for previously, the shareholders representing
ten percent (10%) of the share capital shall as soon as possible convene a general
meeting of shareholders. The general meeting shall (Without the approval of such
General Partner but With the consent of such replacement general partner) appoint
a general partner in replacement.

7.3 The General Partner may be removed as general partner at any time by
a decision of the general meeting adopted in the manner set out in C.Article 24 of
these articles of association. The sole General Partner may only be removed if a
replacement general partner is appointed at the same time.

7.4 As a consequence of such replacement, the Unlimited Share(s) held by
such leaving General Partner is/are automatically transferred to the newly
appointed General Partner at the time of its appointment for a price equal to the
subscription price thereof. The General Partner is authorised to record such
transfer in the share register of the Company.

Article 8 Register of shares - Transfer of shares

8.1 A register of registered shares shall be kept at the registered ofﬁce of
the Company, Where it shall be available for inspection by any shareholder. The
register shall contain all the information required by the 1915 Law. Ownership of
shares is established by registration in said share register.

8.2 The Company will recognise only one holder per share. In case a share
is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who shall

represent them towards the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the

PAGE 5


exercise of all rights attached to that share until such representative has been
appointed.

8.3 Investor Shares are as a general rule freely transferable between
shareholders, subject only to the provisions of Articles 8.5 and 8.6 below.

8.4 Investor Shares are transferable to third parties subject to the transfer
restrictions set forth in this Article 8. The restrictions contained in this Article 8.4
shall, for the avoidance of doubt, (I) apply also to transfers of Investor Shares of a
relevant Sub-Fund to afﬁliates of any shareholder of such Sub-Fund, but (2) shall
not apply to any transfers to such afﬁliates caused by (i) an internal reorganisation
of the group of companies of the relevant shareholder not affecting the ultimate
beneﬁcial ownership of the shares transferred, or (ii) legal succession).

8.5 When a shareholder has outstanding obligations vis-a-vis the Company,
by virtue of its subscription agreement or otherwise, shares held by such
shareholder may only be transferred, pledged or assigned in accordance with the
provisions of these articles of association and / or the private placement
memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the private
placement memorandum with respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund. Any transfer or
assignment of shares is subject to the purchaser or assignee thereof fully and
completely assuming in writing prior to the transfer or assignment, all outstanding
obligations of the seller under the subscription agreement entered into by the
seller or otherwise. This condition may be waived by the Company, if deemed in
the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The Unlimited Share(s) are
only transferrable to unlimited shareholders jointly and severally liable for all
liabilities of the Company which cannot be met out of the assets of the Company.

8.6 Any transfer of registered shares shall become effective towards the
Company and third parties either (i) through a declaration of transfer recorded in
the register of shares, signed and dated by the transferor and the transferee or their
representatives or (ii) upon notiﬁcation of the transfer to, or upon the acceptance
of the transfer by the Company.

Article 9 Liability of shareholders

9.1 Limited Shareholders shall not interfere with the management of the
Company vis-a-vis third parties. The liability of the Limited Shareholders
(actionnaires commanditaires) is limited to the amount of share capital for which

they have subscribed. However, Limited Shareholders are jointly and severally

PAGE 6


liable for all obligations of the Company in which they have participated contrary
to the foregoing restriction. Limited Shareholders are also jointly and severally
liable vis-a-vis third parties for all obligations of the Company in which they have
not participated if they regularly act on behalf of the Company in management
matters vis-a-vis third parties. A Limited Shareholder acting as representative of a
manager/director or the General Partner does not, by the mere fact of acting in
such capacity and to the extent that he indicates such capacity, incur the
aforementioned joint and several liability. The following matters do not constitute
acts of management vis-a-vis third parties in the sense of these articles of
association:

- the exercise of shareholders’ rights by the Limited Shareholders (or by
any committee created within the Company or any Sub-Fund to represent the
Limited Shareholders);

- advice given to the Company or its afﬁliates or their managers by the
Limited Shareholders (or by any committee created within the Company or any
Sub-Fund to represent the Limited Shareholders);

- the exercise of control and supervision of the affairs of the Company by
the Limited Shareholders (or by any committee created within the Company or
any Sub-Fund to represent the Limited Shareholders); and

- granting of loans, security interests or any other assistance to the
Company or its afﬁliates entities.

9.2 If more than one Unlimited Share is issued, its owners (actionnaires
commandités) are jointly and severally liable for all liabilities of the Company
which cannot be met out of the assets of the Company.

Article 10 Classes, sub-classes and/or series of shares

10.1The Company may decide to issue one or more classes of shares of the
Company or for each Sub-Fund.

10.2Each class of shares may differ from the other classes with respect to its
cost structure, the initial investment required or the currency in which the net asset
value is expressed or any other feature as may be determined by the General
Partner from time to time.

10.3The Company may decide to issue series of shares within a class in

issue or to be issued, in the Company or in each Sub-Fund.

PAGE 7


10.4Each series of shares may carry different rights and obligations inter
alia with regards to eligible investors, income and proﬁt entitlements, distribution
policy, redemption/subscription features, and/or fee and costs features as may be
further described in the private placement memorandum.

10.5There may be capitalisation and distribution shares. Whenever
dividends are distributed on distribution shares, the portion of net assets of the
class, sub-class and/or series of shares to be allotted to all distribution shares shall
subsequently be reduced by an amount equal to the amounts of the dividends
distributed, thus leading to a reduction in the percentage of net assets allotted to
all distribution shares, whereas the portion of net assets allotted to all
capitalisation shares shall remain the same.

10.6The Company may, in the future, offer new classes, sub-classes and/or
series of shares without the approval of the shareholders. Such new classes, sub-
classes and/or series of shares may be issued on terms and conditions that differ
from the existing classes, sub-class and/or series of shares, including, without
limitation, the amount of the management fee attributable to those shares. In such
a case, these articles of association and / or the private placement memorandum
and /or the relevant supplement of the private placement memorandum thereto
shall be updated accordingly.

Article 11 Sub-Funds

ll.lThe General Partner may, at any time, create different sub-ﬁlnds
corresponding to a distinct part of the assets and liabilities of the Company
(hereinafter referred to as a “Sub-Fund”). In such event, it shall assign a
particular name to them, which it may amend, and may limit or extend their
duration if it sees ﬁt.

ll.2As between shareholders, each portfolio of assets corresponding to a
speciﬁc Sub-Fund shall be invested for the exclusive beneﬁt of such Sub-Fund.
The Company constitutes one single legal entity. However, with regard to third
parties, in particular towards the Company’s creditors, each Sub-Fund shall be
exclusively responsible for all liabilities attributable to it.

ll.3For the purpose of determining the share capital of the Company, the
net assets attributable to each Sub-Fund shall, if not expressed in euro (EUR), be
converted into euro (EUR) and the capital shall be the total of the net assets of all

Sub-Funds including all classes, sub-classes and/or series of shares.

PAGE 8


Article 12 Issue of shares

12.1The General Partner is authorised Without limitation to issue an
unlimited number of shares at any time in any Sub-Fund, Without reserving to the
existing shareholders a preferential right to subscribe for the shares to be issued in
the relevant Sub-Fund.

12.21n addition, the General Partner may issue Non-Voting Shares subject
to the conditions stated in Article 6.

12.3The Company may impose restrictions on the frequency at Which shares
shall be issued in any class, sub-class and/or series of shares; the Company may,
in particular, decide that shares of any class, sub-class and/or series shall only be
issued during one or more offering periods or at such other periodicity as provided
for in these articles of association and / or the private placement memorandum of
the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the private placement
memorandum With respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund.

12.4In addition to the restrictions concerning the eligibility of investors as
foreseen by the 2016 Law, the Company may determine any other subscription
conditions such as the minimum amount of subscriptions/commitments, the
minimum amount of the aggregate net asset value of the shares to be initially
subscribed, the minimum amount of any additional shares to be issued, the
application of default interest payments on shares subscribed and unpaid when
due, restrictions on the ownership of shares and the minimum amount of any
holding of shares. Such other conditions shall be disclosed and more fully
described in these articles of association and / or the private placement
memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the private
placement memorandum With respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund.

12.5The Company may decide to issue fractional shares. Such fractional
shares shall not be entitled to vote but shall be entitled to participate in the net
assets attributable to the relevant class, sub-class and/or series of shares on a pro
rata basis. If the sum of the fractional shares so held by the same shareholder in
the same class, sub-class and/or series of shares represents one or more entire
share, such shareholder beneﬁts from the corresponding voting right.

12.6The price per share at Which such shares are subscribed shall be
determined in compliance With the rules and guidelines determined by the

Company and reﬂected in the private placement memorandum of the Company

PAGE 9


and /or the relevant supplement of the private placement memorandum with
respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund. The price so determined shall be payable within a
period as determined by the Company and reﬂected in the private placement
memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the private
placement memorandum with respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund.

12.7The Company may delegate to any director, manager, ofﬁcer or other
duly authorised agent the power to accept subscriptions, to receive payment for
the new shares to be issued and to deliver them.

12.8The Company may reject subscription requests in whole or in part at its
full discretion.

12.9The Company may, if a prospective shareholder requests and the
Company so agrees, satisfy any application for subscription of shares which is
proposed to be made by way of contribution in kind. The nature and type of assets
to be accepted in any such case shall be determined by the Company and must
correspond to the investment policy and restrictions of the Company or the Sub-
Fund being invested in. A report relating to the contributed assets must be
delivered to the Company by an independent auditor (réviseur d ’entreprises
agrée) save as otherwise permitted by law.

Article 13 Redemption and conversion of shares

13.1The Company shall determine whether shareholders of any particular
class, sub-class and/or series of shares may request the redemption or conversion
of all or part of their shares by the Company or not, and reﬂect the terms and
procedures applicable in these articles of association and / or the private
placement memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the
private placement memorandum with respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund within the
limits provided by law and these articles of association.

13.2The Company shall not proceed with the redemption of shares in the
event that the net assets of the Company would fall below the minimum capital
foreseen in the 2016 Law as a result of such redemption.

l3.3The redemption price and payment modalities shall be determined in
accordance with the rules and guidelines determined by the Company and
reﬂected in these articles of association and / or the private placement
memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the private

placement memorandum with respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund. The relevant

PAGE 10


redemption price may be rounded up or down to the nearest unit of the relevant
currency as the General Partner shall determine.

l3.4If, as a result of any request for redemption or conversion, the number
or the aggregate net asset value of the shares held by any shareholder in any class,
sub-class and/or series of shares would fall below such number or such value as
determined by the Company, then the Company may decide that this request be
treated as a request for redemption or conversion for the full balance of such
shareholder’s holding of shares in such class, sub-class and/or series.

13.5Furthermore, if, with respect to any given valuation day (i. e. any
business day in Luxembourg which is designated by the General Partner as being
a day by reference to which the assets of the relevant Sub-Funds shall be valued in
accordance with the Articles, as further described in the relevant Supplement(s); a
“Valuation Day”), redemption and conversion requests exceed a certain level
determined by the Company in relation to the number of shares in issue in a
speciﬁc Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series, the Company may decide that
part or all of such requests for redemption or conversion will be deferred for a
period and in a manner that the Company considers to be in the best interest of the
Company. Following that period, with respect to the next relevant Valuation Day,
these redemption and conversion requests will be met in priority to later requests
if necessary on a pro-rata basis among involved shareholders.

13.6The Company may redeem shares whenever the Company considers
redemption to be in the best interests of the Company.

13.7In addition, the shares may be redeemed compulsorily in accordance
with Article 15 “Limitations on the ownership of Shares” herein.

13.8The Company shall have the right, if the Company so determines, to
satisfy in kind the payment of the redemption price to any shareholder who agrees
by allocating to the shareholder investments from the portfolio of assets of the
Company or the relevant Sub-Fund(s) equal to the value of the shares to be
redeemed. The assets to be transferred in such case shall be determined on a fair
and reasonable basis and without prejudicing the interests of the other
shareholders of the Company or the relevant Sub-Fund(s) and the valuation used
shall be conﬁrmed by a special report of an independent auditor. The costs of any

such transfers shall be borne by the transferee.

PAGE 11


Article 14 Restrictions and prohibitions on the ownership of shares

l4.lThe shares of the Company are reserved to well-informed investors
within the meaning of the 2016 Law. Each Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or
series of shares may have different or additional requirements as to the eligibility
of its investors, as set forth in the Offering Document (together being herein
referred to as the “Investor Eligibility Requirements”).

14.2Furthermore, the General Partner may restrict or prevent the legal or
beneﬁcial ownership of shares or prohibit certain practices as disclosed in the
Offering Document such as late trading and market timing by any person
(individual, corporation, partnership or other entity), if in the opinion of the
General Partner such ownership or practices may (i) result in a breach of any
provisions of these articles of association, the Offering Document or law or
regulations of any jurisdiction, or (ii) require the Company, its AIFM or its
investment manager to be registered under any laws or regulations whether as an
investment fund or otherwise, or cause the Company to be required to comply
with any registration requirements in respect of any of its shares, whether in the
United States of America or any other jurisdiction; or (iii) may cause the
Company, its AIFM, its investment managers or shareholders any legal,
regulatory, taxation, administrative or ﬁnancial disadvantages which they would
not have otherwise incurred (such person being herein referred to as "Prohibited
Person").

14.3For such purposes the General Partner may:

a) decline to issue any shares and to accept any transfer of shares, where it
appears that such issue or transfer would or might result in shares being acquired
or held by, or on behalf or for the account of beneﬁt of, Prohibited Persons;

b) require at any time any person entered in the register of shares, or any
person seeking to register a transfer of shares therein, to furnish the Company
with any representations, warranties, or information, together with supporting
documentation which the Company may consider necessary for the purpose of
determining whether the issue or transfer would result in Shares being held by or
on behalf or for the account or beneﬁt of, Prohibited Persons;

0) compulsorily redeem or cause to be redeemed compulsorily all shares
held by, on behalf or for the account or beneﬁt of, Prohibited Persons or investors

who are found to be in breach of, or have failed to provide, the abovementioned

PAGE 12


representations, warranties or information in a timely manner. To that end, the
Company will notify the shareholder of the reasons which justify the compulsory
redemption of shares, the number of shares to be redeemed and the indicative
valuation day on which the compulsory redemption will occur; and

d) grant a grace period to the shareholder for remedying the situation
causing the compulsory redemption as described in the Offering Document and/or
propose to convert the shares held by any shareholder who fails to satisfy the
Investor Eligibility Requirements for such class, sub-class and/or series of shares
into shares of another class, sub-class and/or series available for such shareholder,
to the extent that the Investor Eligibility Requirements would then be satisﬁed.

14.4The Company reserves the right to require the relevant shareholder(s) to
indemnify the Company against any losses, costs or expenses arising as a result of
any compulsory redemption of shares due to the shares being held by, on behalf or
for the account or for the beneﬁt of, Prohibited Persons or investors who are
found to be in breach of, or have failed to provide, the abovementioned
representations, warranties or information in a timely manner. The Company may
pay such losses, costs or expenses out of the proceeds of any compulsory
redemption and/or redeem all or part of the Prohibited Person’s shares in order to
pay for such losses, costs or expenses.

Article 15 Limitations on the ownership of shares

15.1The shares of the Company are reserved to institutional, professional or
well-informed investors within the meaning of the 2016 Law.

15.2The Company may refuse to issue and decline to register any transfer of
shares to any natural person or legal entity when it appears that such issue or
transfer may result in any natural person or legal entity, which does not qualify as
institutional, professional or well-informed investors within the meaning of the
2016 Law, holding such shares or if the Company considers that this ownership
may violate the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or of any other country,
or may subject the Company to taxation in a country other than the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or may otherwise be detrimental to the Company, as speciﬁed in
the private placement memorandum.

15.3In such instance, the Company may also proceed with the compulsory
redemption of all the relevant shares if it appears that a person who is not

authorised to hold such shares in the Company, either alone or together with other

PAGE 13


persons, is the owner of shares in the Company, or proceed with the compulsory
redemption of any or a part of the shares, if it appears that one or several persons
is or are owner or owners of a proportion of the shares in the Company in such a
manner that this may be detrimental to the Company.

The following procedure shall be applied:

15.3.1 the Company shall send a redemption notice to the relevant
investor possessing the shares to be redeemed; the redemption notice shall specify
the shares to be redeemed, the price to be paid, and the place where this price shall
be payable. The redemption notice may be sent to the investor by recorded
delivery letter to his last known address, as indicated in the register of
shareholders of the Company (unless expressly otherwise requested by the
relevant Shareholder in writing). From the closing of the ofﬁces on the day
speciﬁed in the redemption notice, the investor shall cease to be the owner of the
shares speciﬁed in the redemption notice;

15.3.2 the redemption price at which the shares speciﬁed in the
redemption notice shall be redeemed shall be determined in accordance with the
rules determined by the Company and reﬂected in the private placement
memorandum of the Company. Payment of the redemption price will be made to
the owner of such shares in the reference currency of the relevant class, sub-
classes and/or series, except during periods of exchange restrictions, and will be
deposited by the Company with a bank in Luxembourg or elsewhere (as speciﬁed
in the redemption notice) for payment to such owner. Upon deposit of such
redemption price as aforesaid, no person interested in the shares speciﬁed in such
redemption notice shall have any further interest in such shares or any of them, or
any claim against the Company or its assets in respect thereof, except the right of
the shareholders appearing as the owner thereof to receive the price so deposited
(without interest) from such bank. The exercise by the Company of this power
shall not be questioned or invalidated in any case, on the grounds that there was
insufﬁcient evidence of ownership of shares by any person or that the true
ownership of any shares was otherwise than appeared to the Company at the date
of any redemption notice, provided that in such case the said powers were
exercised by the Company in good faith.

15.4In particular, the Company may restrict or block the ownership of

shares in the Company by any “US Person” unless such ownership is in

PAGE 14


compliance with the relevant US laws and regulations. The term “US Person”
means any resident or person with the nationality of the United States of America
or one of their territories or possessions or regions under their jurisdiction, or any
other company, association or entity incorporated under or governed by the laws
of the United States of America or any person falling within the deﬁnition of “US
Person” under such laws.

Article 16 Determination of the net asset value

l6.lThe valuation of the assets of the Company is performed by the AIFM
in compliance with article 17 of the 2013 Law.

The assets of each Sub-Fund will be valued in accordance with these articles
of association and the private placement memorandum.

All valuation regulations and determinations shall be interpreted and made
in accordance with Lux GAAP and with the rules deﬁned below.

16.2The AIFM may, with respect to each Sub-Fund, appoint one or more
external appraisers to assist the AIFM as internal valuer in accordance with article
17 (4) b of the 2013 Law, to provide, under the supervision of the AIFM,
valuations of the relevant Sub-Fund’s real property investments for the purpose of
calculating the Net Asset Value (the “External Appraiser(s)”). The External
Appraiser who are licensed and regulated recognised experts in their ﬁelds with
the appropriate level of experience appraising properties similar to the properties
held by the Company will be selected by the AIFM shall be approved by the
General Partner prior to the AIFM entering into any contractual arrangements
with such External Appraiser with respect to any Sub-Fund.

In case one or more External Appraiser have been appointed with respect to
a Sub-Fund, the properties and/or property interests held directly by the relevant
Sub-Fund or via its Subsidiaries and/or project entities shall be valued by the
External Appraisers by way of a valuation of the portfolio as the AIFM may
reasonably require, but at least once a year. A new valuation may be conducted by
the External Appraiser in relation to each Valuation Day with respect to which
Shares are actually issued or repurchased, at the discretion of the AIFM, and a
new valuation shall be conducted, if there is a change in the general economic
situation or in the condition of the properties which requires a new valuation to be

conducted as of the relevant Valuation Day. The External Appraisers shall be

PAGE 15


required to appraise or reappraise properties in relation to any acquisition (through
sale or contribution of assets) and/or disposal.

A new valuation shall not be necessary if the sale of the property and/or
property interest takes place within six (6) months of the last valuation thereof.

Investors shall be informed about the name and background of the External
Appraiser appointed by the AIFM in the management reports and in the ﬁnancial
reports of the Company.

The External Appraiser shall not be afﬁliated with the General Partner, the
AIFM, the investment advisor (if any), or any appointed agent thereof.

The fees of the External Appraiser shall, as a rule, unless otherwise
disclosed in the relevant Supplement, be paid by the AIFM out of the
Management Fee.

16.3The reference currency of the Company is the Euro. Each Sub-Fund or
class, sub-classes and/or series may have a different reference currency.

The Net Asset Values per Shares is expressed in the reference currency of
the respective Sub-Fund as further described in the Supplement. The Net Asset
Value per Share per Sub-Fund shall be expressed in the Reference Currency and
may be rounded up or down to two (2) decimal places

The Net Asset Values per Share will be determined by the Administrative
Agent under the supervision of the AIFM in accordance with the provisions of the
Articles. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent will rely upon the
valuation of real estate assets provided by the AIFM without any duty of further
inquiry for the purpose of the net asset values calculation. The net asset values per
Share are calculated at such frequency as set forth in the relevant Supplement and
at least once a year.

The Company reserves the right to suspend the determination of the net
asset values of the Company, a Sub-Fund, a class, sub-class and/or series or a
Share in the circumstances set forth in Article 18.

For the purpose of relations between Shareholders, each Sub-Fund is treated
as a separate entity, generating without restriction its own contributions, capital
gains and capital losses, fees and expenses. The Company is a single legal entity.
However in relation to third parties, in particular with respect to the Company’s
creditors, each Sub-Fund shall be exclusively responsible for all liabilities

attributable to it.

PAGE 16


16.4The assets of each Sub-Fund shall include:

- all cash in hand or on deposit, including any outstanding accrued
interest;

- all bills and promissory notes and accounts receivable, including
outstanding proceeds of any sale of securities;

- all securities, shares, bonds, time notes, debenture stocks, options or
subscription rights, warrants, money market instruments, and all other investments
and transferable securities belonging to the relevant Sub-Fund;

- all dividends payable to the Sub-Fund(s) either in cash or in the form of
stocks and shares (the Company may, however, make adjustments to account for
any ﬂuctuations in the market value of transferable securities resulting from
practices such as ex-dividend or ex-claim negotiations);

- all outstanding accrued interest on any interest-bearing securities
belonging to the Sub-Fund, unless this interest is included in the principal amount
of such securities;

- the Company’s or relevant Sub-Fund’s preliminary expenses, to the
extent that such expenses have not already been written-off;

- the Company’s or relevant Sub-Fund’s other ﬁxed assets, including
ofﬁce buildings, equipment and ﬁxtures;

- all other assets whatever their nature, including the proceeds of swap
transactions and advance payments.

16.5The Company’s liabilities shall include:

- all borrowings, bills, promissory notes, notes and accounts payable;

- all known liabilities, whether or not already due, including all
contractual obligations that have reached their term, involving payments made
either in cash or in the form of assets, including the amount of any dividends
declared by the Company regarding the Sub-Fund but not yet paid;

- a provision for capital tax and income tax accrued on the Valuation Day
and any other provisions authorized or approved by the General Partner;

- all other liabilities of the Company of any kind with respect to the Sub-
Fund, except liabilities represented by shares in the Company. In determining the
amount of such liabilities, the Company shall take into account all expenses

payable by the Sub-Fund including, but not limited to:

PAGE 17


. save as otherwise provided herein or in the relevant Supplement, start-

up costs,

. save as otherwise provided herein or in the relevant Supplement,
expenses in connection with and fees payable to advisors(s), accountants,
custodian and correspondents, registrar, transfer agents, paying agents, brokers,
distributors, permanent representatives in places of registration and auditors,

. administration, domiciliary, services, promotion, printing, reporting,
publishing (including advertising or preparing and printing of issuing documents
of the Company, explanatory memoranda, registration statements, ﬁnancial
reports) and other operating expenses,

. the cost of buying and selling assets (transaction costs),

. interest and bank charges,

. taxes and other governmental charges;

0 the costs of registration statements, all taxes, corporate fees and duties
charged by governmental authorities, ﬁscal and governmental charges; and

0 the Management Fee.

The Company may calculate administrative and other expenses of a regular
or recurring nature on an estimated basis for yearly or other periods in advance
and may accrue the same in equal proportions over any such period.

16.6Unless otherwise speciﬁed in the relevant Sub-Fund(s) Supplement(s),
the value of the Company’s assets shall be determined as follows:

- the value of any cash in hand or on deposit, discount notes, bills and
demand notes and accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, cash dividends and
interest declared or accrued as aforesaid and not yet received, shall be equal to the
entire amount thereof, unless the same is unlikely to be paid or received in full, in
which case the value thereof shall be determined after making such discount as
the AIFM may consider appropriate in such case to reﬂect the true value thereof;

- the value of all portfolio securities and money market instruments or
derivatives that are listed on an ofﬁcial stock exchange or traded on any other
regulated market will be based on the last available price on the principal market
on which such securities, money market instruments or derivatives are traded, as
supplied by a recognized pricing service approved by the AIFM and the General
Partner. If such prices are not representative of the fair value, such securities,

money market instruments or derivatives as well as other permitted assets may be
PAGE 18


valued at a fair value at which it is expected that they may be resold, as
determined under the direction of the AIFM;

- the value of securities and money market instruments which are not
quoted or traded on a regulated market will be valued at a fair value at which it is
expected that they may be resold, as determined by and under the direction of the
AIFM;

- investments in private equity securities other than the securities
mentioned herein will be valued with the assistance of one or several external
appraiser(s) and the Auditor designated by the General Partner on the basis of the
reasonably foreseeable sales price of the assets concerned, as determined by the
relevant external appraiser in accordance with the standards of the appraisers’
profession, such as the most recent Valuation Guidelines published by Invest
Europe formerly European Venture Capital Association (EVCA);

- investments in real estate assets shall be valued with the assistance of
one or more external appraiser(s) designated by the AIFM for the purpose of
appraising, where relevant, the market value of a Real Estate Property investment
in accordance with its/their applicable standards, such as, for example, the most
recent edition of the Appraisal and Valuations Standards published by the Royal
Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS);

- the amortized cost method of valuation for short-term transferable debt
securities in certain Sub-Funds of the Company may be used. This method
involves valuing a security at its cost and thereafter assuming a constant
amortization to maturity of any discount or premium regardless of the impact of
ﬂuctuating interest rates on the market value of the security. While this method
provides certainty in valuation, it may result during certain periods in values
which are higher or lower than the price which the Sub-Fund would receive if it
sold the securities. For certain short term transferable debt securities, the yield to a
shareholder may differ somewhat from that which could be obtained from a
similar Sub-Fund which marks its portfolio securities to market each day;

- the value of the participations in investment funds shall be based on the
last available valuation. Generally, participations in investment funds will be
valued in accordance with the methods provided by the instruments governing
such investment funds. These valuations shall normally be provided by the

Administrative Agent or valuation agent of an investment fund. To ensure

PAGE 19


consistency within the valuation of each Sub-Fund, if the time at which the
valuation of an investment fund was calculated does not coincide with the
valuation time of any Sub-Fund, and such valuation is determined to have
changed materially since it was calculated, then the Net Asset Value may be
adjusted to reﬂect the change as determined by and under the direction of the
AIFM;

- the value of other assets will be determined at fair value by the AIFM
according to general accepted accounting standards.

The AIFM, at its discretion, may authorize the use of other methods of
valuation if it considers that such methods would enable the fair value of any asset
of the Company to be determined more accurately.

Where necessary, the fair value of an asset is determined by the AIFM, or
by an ad hoc valuation committee appointed by the AIFM, or by an External
Appraiser.

All valuation regulations and determinations shall be interpreted and made
in accordance with Luxembourg generally accepted accounting principles (Lux
GAAP).

For each Sub-Fund, adequate provisions will be made for expenses incurred
and due account will be taken of any off-balance sheet liabilities in accordance
with fair and prudent criteria.

16.7For each Sub-Fund and for each class, sub-class and/or series, the Net
Asset Value per Share shall be calculated in the relevant Reference Currency with
respect to each Valuation Day by dividing the net assets attributable to such Sub-
Fund and to such class, sub-class and/or series (which shall be equal to the assets
minus the liabilities attributable to such Sub-Fund and to such class, sub-class
and/or series) by the number of shares issued and in circulation in such Sub-Fund
and to such class, sub-class and/or series. Assets and liabilities expressed in
foreign currencies shall be converted into the relevant Reference Currency, based
on the relevant exchange rates.

The Company's net assets shall be equal to the sum of the net assets of all its
Sub-Funds.

In the absence of bad faith, wilful default, gross negligence or manifest
error, every decision to determine the Net Asset Value taken by the AIFM shall be

ﬁnal and binding on the Company and present, past or future Shareholders.

PAGE 20


Article 17 Allocation of assets and liabilities among the Sub-Funds

17.1For the purpose of allocating the assets and liabilities between the Sub-
Funds, the General Partner shall establish a portfolio of assets for each Sub-Fund
in the following manner:

17.1.1 the proceeds from the issue of each share of each Sub-Fund are
to be applied in the books of the Company to the portfolio of assets established for
that Sub-Fund and the assets and liabilities and income and expenditure
attributable thereto are applied to such portfolio subject to the following
provisions;

17.1.2 where any asset is derived from another asset, such derivative
asset is applied in the books of the Company to the same portfolio as the asset
from which it was derived and on each revaluation of an asset, the increase or
decrease in value is applied to the relevant portfolio;

17.1.3 where the Company incurs a liability which relates to any asset
of a particular portfolio or to any action taken in connection with an asset of a
particular portfolio, such liability is allocated to the relevant portfolio;

17.1.4 in the case where any asset or liability of the Company cannot
be considered as being attributable to a particular portfolio, such asset or liability
is as a rule allocated to all the Sub-Funds pro rata to their net asset values;
notwithstanding the foregoing, if and when speciﬁc circumstances so justify, such
asset or liability may be allocated to all Sub-Funds in equal parts;

17.1.5 upon the payment of dividends to the holders of shares in any
Sub-Fund, the net asset value of such Sub-Fund shall be reduced by the amount of
such dividends.

17.2Towards third parties, the assets of a given Sub-Fund will be liable only
for the debts, liabilities and obligations concerning that Sub-Fund. In relations
between shareholders, each Sub-Fund is treated as a separate entity.

Article 18 Suspension of calculation of the net asset value

18.1The General Partner may suspend the determination of the Net Asset
Values and/or, where applicable, the subscription, redemption and/or conversion
of Shares, of a Sub-Fund in the following cases:

(i) when the stock exchange(s) or market(s) that supplies/supply prices for

a signiﬁcant part of the assets is/are closed, or in the event that transactions on

PAGE 21


such a market are suspended, or are subject to restrictions, or are impossible to
execute in volumes allowing the determination of fair prices;

(ii) when the information or calculation sources normally used to determine
the value of assets are unavailable, or if the value of an investment in the
concerned Sub-Fund cannot be determined with the required speed and accuracy
for any reason whatsoever;

(iii) when exchange or capital transfer restrictions prevent the execution of
transactions or if purchase or sale transactions cannot be executed at normal rates;

(iv) when the political, economic, military or monetary environment, or an
event of force maj eure, prevent the Company from being able to manage normally
its assets or its liabilities and prevent the determination of their value in a
reasonable manner;

(v) when, for any other reason, the prices of any signiﬁcant investments
cannot be promptly or accurately ascertained;

(vi) when the Company or a Sub-Fund is in the process of establishing
exchange parities in the context of a merger, a contribution of assets, an asset or
share split or any other restructuring transaction;

(vii)when there is a suspension of redemption or withdrawal rights by
several investment ﬁlnds/investment structures in which the relevant Sub-Fund is
invested; and

(viii) in exceptional circumstances, whenever the General Partner
considers it necessary in order to avoid irreversible negative effects, in
compliance with the principle of equal treatment of shareholders in their best
interests.

18.21n the event of exceptional circumstances that may adversely affect the
interests of the Shareholders or insufﬁcient market liquidity, the AIFM or the
General Partner reserves its right to determine the Net Asset Value of the Shares
in a Sub-Fund only after it shall have completed the necessary purchases and sales
of securities, ﬁnancial instruments or other assets on such Sub-Fund's behalf.

18.3The suspension of the calculation of the Net Asset Value shall be
notiﬁed to the relevant persons through all means reasonably available to the
Company, unless the General Partner is of the opinion that a publication is not

necessary considering the short period of the suspension.

PAGE 22


18.4Such a suspension decision shall be notiﬁed to any Shareholders
requesting redemption or conversion of their Shares.

C. GENERAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

Article 19 Powers of the general meeting of shareholders

19.1The shareholders exercise their collective rights in the general meeting
of shareholders. Any regularly constituted general meeting of shareholders of the
Company shall represent the entire body of shareholders of the Company. The
general meeting of shareholders is vested with the powers expressly reserved to it
by the 1915 Law and by these articles of association.

19.21f the Company has only one shareholder, any reference made herein to
the “general meeting of shareholders” shall be construed as a reference to the
“sole shareholder”, depending on the context and as applicable and powers
conferred on the general meeting of shareholders shall be exercised by the sole
shareholder.

Article 20 Convening of general meetings of shareholders

20.1The general meeting of shareholders of the Company may at any time
be convened by the General Partner.

20.21t must be convened by the General Partner upon written request of
shareholders representing at least ten percent (10%) of the Company's share
capital. In such case, the general meeting of shareholders shall be held within a
period of one (1) month from the receipt of such request.

20.3The convening notice for every general meeting of shareholders shall
contain at least the date, time, place and agenda of the meeting and shall be made
through announcements ﬁled with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies’
Register and published at least ﬁfteen (15) days before the meeting on the Recueil
électronique des sociétés et associations and in a Luxembourg newspaper.
Notices to the registered shareholders shall be sent at least eight (8) days before
the meeting by ordinary mail (lettre missive). Alternatively if all shares are in
registered form, the convening notices may be exclusively made by registered
mail or, if the addressees have individually agreed to receive the convening
notices by another means of communication ensuring access to the information,

by such means of communication.

PAGE 23


20.4If all of the shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting
of shareholders and have waived any convening requirements, the meeting may be
held without prior notice or publication.

Article 21 Conduct of general meetings of shareholders

21.1The annual general meeting of shareholders shall be held each year in
Luxembourg at the registered ofﬁce of the Company or at such other place in
Luxembourg as may be speciﬁed in the convening notice of such meeting, on the
last Friday of March at 2 pm. (CET). If such day is not a business day, or is a
legal or banking holiday, the annual general meeting shall be held on the next
business day. Other meetings of shareholders may be held at such place and time
as may be speciﬁed in the respective convening notices.

2l.2A board of the meeting shall be formed at each general meeting of
shareholders, composed of a chairman, a secretary and a scrutineer who need
neither be shareholders nor members of the General Partner. If all the shareholders
present or represented at the general meeting decide that they can control the
regularity of the votes, the shareholders may unanimously decide to only appoint
(i) a chairman and a secretary or (ii) a single person who will assume the role of
the board and in such case there is no need to appoint a scrutineer. Any reference
made herein to the “board of the meeting” shall in such case be construed as a
reference to the “chairman and secretary” or, as the case may be to the “single
person who assumes the role of the board”, depending on the context and as
applicable. The board of the meeting shall especially ensure that the meeting is
held in accordance with applicable rules and, in particular, in compliance with the
rules in relation to convening, majority requirements, vote tallying and
representation of shareholders.

21 .3An attendance list must be kept at each general meeting of shareholders.

21 .4Shareholders taking part in a meeting by conference call, through video
conference or by any other means of communication allowing their identiﬁcation
and allowing that all persons taking part in the meeting hear one another on a
continuous basis and allowing an effective participation of all such persons in the
meeting, are deemed to be present for the computation of the quorums and votes,
subject to such means of communication being made available at the place of the

meeting.

PAGE 24


21.5A shareholder may act at any general meeting of shareholders by
appointing another person as his proxy in writing or by facsimile, electronic mail
or any other similar means of communication. One person may represent several
or even all shareholders.

21 .6Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed voting
form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of communication
to the Company’s registered ofﬁce or to the address speciﬁed in the convening
notice. The shareholders may only use voting forms provided by the Company
which contain at least the place, date and time of the meeting, the agenda of the
meeting, the proposals submitted to the shareholders, as well as for each proposal
three (3) boxes allowing the shareholder to vote in favour of, against, or abstain
from voting on each proposed resolution by ticking the appropriate box. Voting
forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show only (i) a vote in favour or
(ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention are void with
respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into account voting forms
received prior to the general meeting to which they relate.

21.7The General Partner may determine further conditions that must be
fulﬁlled by shareholders for them to take part in any general meeting of
shareholders.

Article 22 General Partner consent

Save as otherwise provided in these articles of association, the general
meeting of shareholders may only adopt or ratify acts affecting the interests of the
Company vis—à—vis third parties or amend the articles of association with the
consent of the General Partner.

Article 23 Quorum and vote

23.1Each shareholder is entitled to as many votes as he holds shares.

23.2The General Partner may suspend the voting rights of any shareholder
in breach of his obligations as described by these articles of association or any
relevant contractual arrangement entered into by the Company with such
shareholder.

23.3Waiver of voting right

A shareholder may individually decide not to exercise, temporarily or

permanently, all or part of his voting rights. The waiving shareholder is bound by

PAGE 25


such waiver and the waiver is mandatory for the Company upon notiﬁcation to the
latter.

Each shareholder of the Company, at the time of acquisition of the shares it
holds in any Sub-Fund and by virtue of these articles of association, irrevocably
and deﬁnitely waives, in accordance with article 67 (8) of the 1915 Law, its right
to vote on any matter submitted to the general meeting of shareholders of the
Company and relating exclusively to the interest of a Sub-Fund of the Company
in which such shareholder does not hold any shares.

23.4In case the voting rights of one or several shareholders are suspended in
accordance with Article 23.2or the exercise of the voting rights has been waived
by one or several shareholders in accordance with Article 23.3, such shareholders
shall be convened for and may attend any general meeting of the Company or a
relevant Sub-Fund, as the case may be, but the shares they hold are not taken into
account for the determination of the conditions of quorum and majority to be
complied with at the general meetings of the Company or the relevant sub-fund.

23.5Except as otherwise required by the 1915 Law or these articles of
association, resolutions at a general meeting of shareholders duly convened shall
not require any presence quorum and shall be adopted at a simple majority of the
votes validly cast regardless of the portion of capital represented. Abstentions and
nil votes shall not be taken into account.

Article 24 Amendments of the articles of association

Except as otherwise provided herein, these articles of association may be
amended by a majority of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes validly cast at a
general meeting at which a quorum of more than half (1/2) of the Company’s
share capital is present or represented. If no quorum is reached in a meeting, a
second meeting may be convened in accordance with the 1915 Law and these
articles of association which may deliberate regardless of the quorum and at
which resolutions are taken at a majority of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes
validly cast. Abstentions and nil votes shall not be taken into account.

The provisions of Article 23.4 of these articles of association apply.

Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, any amendment of these
articles of association will only be validly adopted, if approved by the General

Partner.

PAGE 26


Article 25 Change of nationality

The shareholders may change the nationality of the Company only by
unanimous consent.

Article 26 Adjournment of general meetings of shareholders

Subject to the provisions of the 1915 Law, the General Partner may, during
any general meeting of shareholders, adjourn such general meeting of
shareholders for four (4) weeks. The General Partner shall do so at the request of
shareholders representing at least twenty percent (20%) of the share capital of the
Company. In the event of an adjournment, any resolution already adopted by the
general meeting of shareholders shall be cancelled.

Article 27 Minutes of general meetings of shareholders

27.1The board of any general meeting of shareholders shall draw up
minutes of the meeting which shall be signed by the members of the board of the
meeting as well as by any shareholder upon its request.

27.2Any copy and excerpt of such original minutes to be produced in
judicial proceedings or to be delivered to any third party, shall be certiﬁed as a
true copy of the original by the notary having had custody of the original deed, in
case the meeting has been recorded in a notarial deed, or shall be signed by the
chairman of the General Partner or by any two (2) of its members.

Article 28 General meetings of a Sub-Fund(s) or class, sub-class and/or

series of shares

28.1The shareholders of any Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of
shares may hold, at any time, general meetings to decide on any matters which
relate exclusively to Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares

28.2The provisions of this Chapter C regarding the organisation of and
decision making at general meetings of shareholders of the Company shall apply,
mutatis mutandis, to general meetings of shareholders of a speciﬁc Sub-Fund or
of a speciﬁc class, sub-class and/or series of shares.

28.3Unless otherwise provided for by law, these articles of association or
the private placement memorandum, the resolutions of the general meeting of
shareholders of a Sub-Fund or of a class, sub-class and/or series of shares are

passed by a simple majority of the votes validly cast.

PAGE 27


D. MANAGEMENT

Article 29 Powers of the General Partner

29.1The Company shall be managed by its General Partner, ICN Synergy
GP, S.à r.1..

29.2The General Partner shall be appointed and may be removed from
ofﬁce at any time, with cause by a decision of the general meeting of
shareholders adopted in the manner set out in Article 30 below.

29.3The General Partner is vested with the broadest powers to act in the
name of the Company and to take any actions necessary or useful to fulﬁll the
Company’s corporate purpose, with the exception of the powers reserved by the
Law or by these articles of association to the general meeting of shareholders.

29.4The General Partner shall appoint an alternative investment fund
manager as external alternative investment fund manager of the Company (the
“AIFM”), in accordance with the 2013 Law.

Article 30 General Partner removal and replacement

The General Partner may be revoked and replaced at any time, without
notice and without cause by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders,
adopted in the manner required for an amendment of these articles of association.

Article 31 Daily management and delegation

31.1The daily management of the Company as well as the representation of
the Company in relation with such daily management may, be delegated to one or
more managers of the General Partner, ofﬁcers or other agents, being shareholders
or not, acting individually or jointly. Their appointment, removal and powers shall
be determined by a resolution of the General Partner.

31.2The Company may also grant special powers by notarised proxy or
private instrument.

31.3The Company Will appoint a management company qualifying as an
alternative investment fund manager (AIFM) in compliance with the 2013 Law.
Decisions with respect to the appointment and the removal of the AIFM are made
by the General Partner. It shall, subject to the overall supervision, approval and
direction of the General Partner, provide portfolio management and risk
management services and such other support as agreed from time to time, subject
to the investment policies and objectives set out in these articles of association

and / or the private placement memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant

PAGE 28



liquidation and have the Company compulsorily redeem all shares of the relevant
Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares at the net asset value per share
for the valuation day in respect of which such decision shall be effective. Such
general meeting will decide by resolution taken with a quorum of two-third of the
shares present or represented and adopted by a simple majority of the votes
validly cast.

33.4Actual realisation prices of investments, realisation expenses and
liquidation costs will be taken into account in calculating the net asset value
applicable to the compulsory redemption. Shareholders in the Sub-Fund or class,
sub-class and/or series of shares concerned will generally be authorised to
continue requesting the redemption or conversion of their shares prior to the
effective date of the compulsory redemption, unless the General Partner
determines that it would not be in the best interests of the shareholders in that
Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares or could jeopardise the fair
treatment of the shareholders.

33.5Redemption proceeds which have not been claimed by the shareholders
upon the compulsory redemption will be deposited, in accordance with applicable
laws and regulations, in escrow at the “Caisse de Consignation ” on behalf of the
persons entitled thereto. Proceeds not claimed within the statutory period will be
forfeited in accordance with laws and regulations.

33.6All redeemed shares may be cancelled.

33.7The termination and liquidation of a Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or
series of shares shall have no inﬂuence on the existence of any other Sub-Fund or
class, sub-class and/or series of shares. The decision to terminate and liquidate the
last Sub-Fund existing in the Company will result in the dissolution and
liquidation of the Company.

Article 34 Merger, absorption and reorganisation

34.1Under the same circumstances as provided for by Article 33.1 above,
the General Partner may decide to merge, in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations, the Company or any Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of
shares of the Company (the “Merging Entity”) with (i) another Sub-Fund or
class, sub-class and/or series of shares of the Company, or (ii) another
Luxembourg reserved alternative investment fund organised under the 2016 Law

or sub-fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares thereof, or (iii) another

PAGE 30


foreign undertaking for collective investment or sub-fund or class, sub-class
and/or series of shares thereof (the “Receiving Entity”), by transferring the assets
and liabilities from the Merging Entity to the Receiving Entity, or by allocating
the assets of the Merging Entity to the assets of the Receiving Entity, or by any
other method of merger, amalgamation or reorganisation, as may be applicable,
and, following a split or consolidation, if necessary, and the payment to
shareholders of the amount corresponding to any fractional entitlement, by re-
designating the shares of the Merging Entity as shares of the Receiving Entity, or
by any other method of reorganisation or exchange of shares, as may be
applicable.

34.28uch a merger does not require the prior consent of the shareholders
except where the Company is the Merging Entity which, thus, ceases to exist as a
result of the merger; in such case, the general meeting of shareholders of the
Company must decide on the merger and its effective date. Such general meeting
will decide by resolution taken with a quorum of two-third of the shares present or
represented and adopted by a simple majority of the votes validly cast.

34.3The General Partner may decide to proceed, in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations, with the absorption by the Company or one or
several Sub-Funds or classes, sub-classes and/or series of shares of (i) another
Luxembourg reserved alternative investment fund organised under the 2016 Law
or sub-fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares thereof, or (ii) another
foreign undertaking for collective investment or sub-fund or class, sub-class
and/or series of shares thereof (the “Absorbed Entity”). The exchange ratio
between the relevant shares of the Company and the shares or units of the
Absorbed Entity will be calculated on the basis of the relevant net asset value per
share or unit as of the effective date of the absorption.

34.4Notwithstanding the powers conferred on the General Partner by the
preceding paragraphs, the general meeting of shareholders, as the case may be, of
the Company, a Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of shares, may also
decide on such merger or absorption and have the Company perform the
necessary transfers, allocations, merger, amalgamation, absorption, re-
designations and/or exchanges or other methods of reorganisation or exchange.

There shall be no quorum requirements for such general meeting of shareholders

PAGE 31


which shall decide by resolution taken with a quorum of two-third of the shares
present or represented and adopted by a simple majority of the votes validly cast.

34.SSpecial approval and/or majority requirements may apply in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations where the Merging Entity shall be merged
into a foreign Receiving Entity, or into a Receiving Entity which is not of the
corporate type (fonds commun de placement or foreign equivalent).

34.6Under the same conditions and procedure as for a merger, the General
Partner may decide to reorganise a Sub-Fund or class, sub-class and/or series of
shares by means of a division into two or more Sub-Funds or classes of shares.

Article 35 Dissolution and liquidation of the Company

35.1The Company may at any time be dissolved in accordance with
applicable laws.

35.2Liquidation proceeds which have not been claimed by shareholders at
the time of the closure of the liquidation shall be deposited in escrow at the
“Caisse de Consignation” in Luxembourg. Proceeds not claimed within the
statutory period shall be forfeited in accordance with applicable laws and
regulation.

F. AUDIT AND SUPERVISION

Article 36 Auditor

The Company shall have the accounting information contained in the annual
report inspected by a Luxembourg independent auditor (“réviseur d’entreprises
agre'e'”) appointed by the general meeting of shareholders.

Article 37 Depositary

37.1The Company will appoint a depositary in accordance with the
provisions of the 2016 Law, and which meets the requirements of the 2013 Law,
as applicable.

37.2The depositary shall fulﬁl the duties and responsibilities as provided for
by the 2016 Law or the 2013 Law, as applicable. In carrying out its role as
depositary, the depositary must act solely in the interests of the investors.

37.3Where the law of a third country requires that certain ﬁnancial
instruments be held in custody by a local entity and there are no local entities that
satisfy the delegation requirements under the 2013 Law, the Company shall be
expressly authorized to discharge in writing the depositary from its liability with

respect to the custody of such ﬁnancial instruments to the extent it has been

PAGE 32


instructed by the Company or the AIFM to delegate the custody of such ﬁnancial
instruments to such local entity, and provided that the conditions of article 19 (14)
of the 2013 Law are met.

G. FINANCIAL YEAR — ANNUAL ACCOUNTS — ALLOCATION
OF PROFITS — DISTRIBUTION

Article 38 Financial year

The ﬁnancial year of the Company shall begin on the ﬁrst (I“) of January of
each year and shall end on the thirty-ﬁrst (31“) of December of the same year.

Article 39 Annual accounts

At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the General
Partner draws up an inventory of the Company’s assets and liabilities, the balance
sheet and the proﬁt and loss accounts in accordance with the law.

Article 40 Distributions

40.1The General Partner may, within the limits provided by law and these
articles of association, determine distributions to be made by the Company and its
Sub-Funds in compliance with these articles of association and / or the private
placement memorandum of the Company and /or the relevant supplement of the
private placement memorandum with respect to a speciﬁc Sub-Fund.

40.28uch distributions shall be made either by means of annual dividends
and interim dividends to the extent feasible and/or as by the redemption of Shares
or the allocation of the Company’s liquidation proceeds, as the case may be.

40.3Payments of distributions to holders of registered shares shall be made
to such shareholders at their addresses in the register of shareholders.

40.4Distributions may be paid in such currency and at such time and place
that the General Partner shall determine from time to time.

40.5Any distribution that has not been claimed within ﬁve (5) years of its
declaration shall be forfeited and revert to the class or classes, sub-classes and/or
series of shares issued by the Company or by the relevant Sub-Fund.

40.6No interest shall be paid on a dividend declared by the Company and
kept by it at the disposal of its beneﬁciary.

H. LIQUIDATION OF THE COMPANY

Article 41 Liquidation

4l.lIn the event of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation shall be

carried out by one or several liquidators who are appointed by the general meeting

PAGE 33


of shareholders, deciding such dissolution and which shall determine their powers
and their compensation. Unless otherwise provided, the liquidators shall have the
most extensive powers for the realisation of the assets and payment of the
liabilities of the Company.

41.2The surplus resulting from the realisation of the assets and the payment
of the liabilities shall be distributed among the shareholders in proportion to the
number of shares of the Company held by them.

41 .3Whenever the share capital falls below two-thirds (2/3) of the minimum
capital provided for by the 2016 Law, the question of the dissolution of the
Company shall be referred to the general meeting of shareholders by the General
Partner. The general meeting of shareholders, for which no quorum shall be
required, shall decide by simple majority of the votes of the shares represented at
the meeting.

41 .4The question of the dissolution of the Company shall further be referred
to the general meeting whenever the share capital falls below one-fourth (1/4) of
the minimum capital provided for by the 2016 Law; in such an event, the general
meeting shall be held without any quorum requirements and the dissolution may
be decided by shareholders holding one-fourth (1/4) of the votes of the shares
represented at the meeting.

41.5The general meeting of shareholders must be convened so that it is held
within a period of forty (40) days from ascertainment that the net assets of the
Company have fallen below two-thirds (2/3) or one-fourth (1/4) of the legal
minimum, as the case may be.

41 .6At the end of the liquidation process of the Company, any amounts that
have not been claimed by the shareholders will be paid into the caisse de
consignation, which keep them available for the beneﬁt of the relevant
shareholders for the duration provided for by law. After this period, the balance
will fall to the State of Luxembourg.

Article 42 Applicable law

All matters not governed by these articles of association shall be determined
in accordance with the 1915 Law and 2016 Law.
TRAN SITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year shall begin on the date of the incorporation of

the Company and terminate on 31St December 2019.

PAGE 34


2. The ﬁrst annual general meeting of shareholders shall be held on the
last Friday of March 2020 at 2 p.m..

SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT

The share capital is subscribed as follows:

- One (1) Unlimited Share have been subscribed by ICN Synergy GP S.à
r.l, aforementioned, for the price of one thousand euro (EUR 1,000) to be
allocated to ICN Synergy RE S.C.A., SICAV-RAIF — ICN Synergy RE 1; and

- One hundred and twenty (120) Limited Shares has been subscribed by
Nikolaas Coenegrachts and Jan Coenegrachts, aforementioned, for the price of
thirty thousand euro (EUR 30,000), to be allocated as follows:

. Sixty (60) Shares subscribed by Nikolaas Coenegrachts; and

. Sixty (60) Shares subscribed by Jan Coenegrachts.

The shares so subscribed have been fully paid-up by a contribution in cash
so that the amount of thirty-one thousand euro (EUR 31,000) is as of now
available to the Company, as it has been justiﬁed to the undersigned notary.

DECLARATION

The undersigned notary herewith declares having veriﬁed the existence of
the conditions provided for or referred to in Articles 420-l, 420-12 and 420-14 of
the 1915 Law and expressly states that they have been complied with.

EXPENSES

The expenses, costs, remunerations or charges in any form whatsoever
incurred by the Company or which shall be borne by the Company in connection
with its incorporation are estimated at approximately EUR 3,000.-.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS

The incorporating shareholders, representing the entire share capital of the
Company and having waived any convening requirements, have thereupon passed
the following resolutions:

1. The address of the registered ofﬁce of the Company is set at 1, Place de
Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

2. The following person is appointed as independent auditor (réviseur
d’entreprises agre'e'), until the general meeting of shareholders convened to
approve the Company’s annual accounts for the ﬁrst ﬁnancial year:

Grant Thornton Audit & Assurance, a public limited liability company

incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, registered with the

PAGE 35


Registre de commerce et des sociétés under number B183652, having its
registered ofﬁce at 89A, Pafebruch, L-8308 Capellen, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day
speciﬁed at the beginning of this document.

The undersigned notary Who understands and speaks English, states
hereWith that on request of the appearing parties, this deed is worded in English.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing parties,
known to the notary by name, ﬁrst name and residence, the said proxyholder of
the appearing parties signed together With the notary the present deed.
signé: N. HAAS et H. HELLINCKX.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils l, le 10 décembre 2018.
Relation: lLAC/2018/39842
Reçu soixante-quinze euros
(75.- EUR)
Le Receveur (s) P. MOLLING.

- POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME -
Délivrée àla société sur demande.

Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019.

PAGE 36


