Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230593

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.575
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Red Velvet Luxembourg Holding
Société à responsabilité limitée

Siège social :
3A, Sentier de l’Espérance,
L-l474 Luxembourg,

 

Constitution de société du 10 décembre 2018

Numéro 7121

In the year two thousand eighteen, on on the tenth day of the month of
December.

Before Maitre Karine REUTER, notary residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg.

There appeared:

<< SINEWS GLOBAL LTD >>, a private limited liability company
registered with the Registrar of Companies of Republic of Mauritius under
the No.068204, with address at 15th ﬂoor, Sir Virgil Naz St, Port Louis, the
Republic of Mauritius,

hereby represented by Mr. Damien BARBOSA, employee, having his
professional address at L-l940 Luxembourg, 488, route de Longwy, by
virtue of a power of attorney signed 17 October 2018, substituted to him.
The said power signed “ne varietur” by the appearing party and the
ofﬁciating notary, shall remain annexed to the present deed.

Such appearing party in the capacity in which it acts, has requested the
ofﬁciating notary to draw up the following articles of incorporation (“the
Articles”) of a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité
limitée), which is hereby incorporated.

Chapter I.- Form, Name, Registered ofﬁce, Object, Duration

Art. 1.- Form, Name

There is hereby established a société à responsabilité limitée (the
"Company") governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the
"Laws") and by the present articles of incorporation (the "Articles of
Incorporation").

The Company may be composed of one single shareholder, owner of all
the shares, or several shareholders, but not exceeding one hundred (100)
shareholders. The Company will exist under the name of "Red Velvet
Luxembourg Holding".

Art. 2.- Registered ofﬁce

The Company's registered office is established in the city of
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within
this municipality or to any other location in the Grand Duchy of


Luxembourg by a resolution of the Sole Manager or the Board of Managers,
who will then be authorised to amend the Articles to reﬂect the completion
of the transfer.

Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg or abroad by resolution of the Sole Manager or the Board of
Managers.

In the event that, in the view of the Sole Manager or the Board of
Managers, extraordinary political, economic or social developments occur
or are imminent that would interfere with the normal activities of the
Company at its registered ofﬁce or with the ease of communications with
such ofﬁce or between such ofﬁce and persons abroad, the Company may
temporarily transfer the registered ofﬁce abroad, until the complete
cessation of these abnormal circumstances. Such temporary measures will
have no effect on the nationality of the Company, which, notwithstanding
the temporary transfer of the registered ofﬁce, will remain a company
governed by the Laws. Such temporary measures will be taken and notiﬁed
to any interested parties by the Sole Manager or the Board of Managers.

Article 3. — Object

The object of the Company is the acquisition, holding, management and
disposal of participations and any interests, in any form whatsoever, in
Luxembourg and foreign companies, or other business entities, enterprises
or investments, the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other
manner as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or otherwise of stock,
bonds, debentures, notes, certiﬁcates of deposits and any other securities or
ﬁnancial instruments of any kind, and the ownership, administration,
development and management of its portfolio.

The Company may participate in the creation, development, management
and control of any company or enterprise and may invest in any way and in
any type of assets. The Company may also hold interests in partnerships and
carry out its business through branches in Luxembourg or abroad.

The Company may borrow in any form and proceed by private placement
to the issue of bonds, notes and debentures or any kind of debt or equity
securities.

The Company may lend funds including without limitation resulting from
any borrowings of the Company or from the issue of any equity or debt
securities of any kind, to its subsidiaries, afﬁliated companies or any other
company or entity as it deems ﬁt.

The Company may give guarantees and grant securities to any third party
for its own obligations and undertakings as well as for the obligations of any
company or other enterprise in which the Company has an interest or which
forms part of the group of companies to which the Company belongs or any
other company or entity as it deems ﬁt and generally for its own beneﬁt or
such entities' beneﬁt.


In a general fashion it may grant assistance in any way to companies or
other enterprises in which the Company has an interest or which form part
of the group of companies to which the Company belongs or any other
company or entity as it deems ﬁt, take any controlling and supervisory
measures and carry out any operation which it may deem useful in the
accomplishment and development of its purposes.

The object of the Company also includes the holding of all intellectual
and industrial property rights such as trademarks, patents and domain
names.

The Company may employ any techniques and instruments relating to or
with respect to any of its investments for the purposes of efﬁcient
management, including without limitation techniques and instruments
designed to protect the Company against credit, currency exchange, interest
rate risks and other risks.

Finally, the Company can perform all commercial, technical and
ﬁnancial or other operations, connected directly or indirectly in all areas in
order to facilitate the accomplishment of its purpose.

Art. 4.- Duration

The Company is established for an unlimited duration.

The Company may be dissolved at any time by a resolution of the
shareholder(s), acting with the quorum and majority required by the Laws or
by the Articles of Incorporation, as applicable, in accordance with the
Article 28 of the Articles of Incorporation

Chapter II.- Capital, Shares

Art. 5.- Issued Capital

The issued capital of the Company is set at twelve thousand euros (EUR
12,000) divided into one hundred twenty thousand (120,000) shares with a
nominal value of ten cents (EUR 0.10) each, all of which are fully paid up.

The rights and obligations attached to the shares shall be identical except
to the extent otherwise provided by the Articles of Incorporation or by the
Laws. In addition to the issued capital, there may be set up a premium
account to which any premium paid on any share in addition to its nominal
value is transferred.

Art. 6. Shares.

Each share entitles to one vote.

Each share is indivisible as far as the Company is concerned.

Co-owners of shares must be represented towards the Company by a
common representative, whether appointed amongst them or not.

When the Company is composed of a sole shareholder, the sole
shareholder may freely transfer its shares.

When the Company is composed of several shareholders, the shares may
be transferred freely amongst shareholders but the shares may be transferred


to non-shareholders only with the authorisation of shareholders representing
at least half (1/2) of the capital.

The transfer of shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or by a
private contract. Any such transfer is not binding upon the Company or
upon third parties unless duly notiﬁed to the Company or accepted by the
Company, pursuant to article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil Code.

The Company may redeem its own shares, provided it has sufﬁcient
distributable reserves for that purpose, or if the redemption results from a
reduction in the Company's share capital or as otherwise provided by the
Law.

The shares are indivisible with regard to the Company, which admits
only one owner per share. In case a share is owned by several persons, they
shall appoint a single representative who shall represent them in respect of
the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all
rights attached to that share, except for relevant information rights deﬁned at
the article 461-6 of the Laws, until such representative has been appointed.

Ownership of a share carries implicit acceptance of the Articles of
Incorporation and of the resolutions validly adopted by the shareholder(s).

The Company may establish a share premium account (the “Share
Premium Account”) into which any premium paid on any shares is to be
transferred. Decisions as to the use of the Share Premium Account are to be
taken by the sole manager or by the Board of Managers subject to the 1915
Law and these Articles.

The Company may, without limitation, accept equity or other
contributions without issuing shares or other securities in consideration for
the contribution and may credit the contributions to one or more accounts.
Decisions as to the use of any such account are to be taken by the sole
manager or by the Board of Managers subject to the 1915 Law and these
Articles. For the avoidance of doubt, any such decision may, but need not,
allocate any amount contributed to the contributor.

Art. 7. Increase and Reduction of Capital.

The issued capital of the Company may be increased or reduced one or
several times by a resolution of the shareholder(s) adopted in compliance
with the quorum and majority rules set by the Articles of Incorporation or,
as the case may be, by the Laws for any amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation.

Art. 8. Incapacity.

The incapacity, bankruptcy, insolvency or any other similar event
affecting the shareholder(s) does not put the Company into liquidation.

Chapter III.- Managers

Art. 9. Managers.

The Company shall be managed by one or several managers who need
not be shareholders themselves (the "Manager(s)").


If more than one (1) Manager are appointed, they shall form a board of
managers (the "Board of Managers").

The Managers will be appointed by the shareholder(s), who will
determine their number and the duration of their mandate. The Managers are
eligible for re-appointment and may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, by a resolution of the shareholder(s).

The shareholder(s) may decide to qualify the appointed Managers as
class A Managers (the "Class A Managers") or class B Managers (the
"Class B Managers").

Art. 10. Powers of the Managers.

The Managers are vested with the broadest powers to perform all acts
necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company's object. All powers not
expressly reserved by the Articles of Incorporation or by the Laws to the
general meeting of shareholder(s) or to the auditor(s) shall be within the
competence of the Managers.

Art. 11. Delegation of Powers - Representation of the Company.

The Manager(s) may delegate special powers or proxies, or entrust
determined permanent or temporary functions to persons or committees
chosen by them.

The Company will be bound towards third parties by the individual
signature of the sole Manager or by the individual signature of any Manager
if more than one Manager has been appointed.

However, if the shareholder(s) have qualiﬁed the Managers as Class A
Managers or Class B Managers, the Company will only be bound towards
third parties by the joint signature of a Class A Manager and a Class B
Manager.

The Company will further be bound towards third parties by the joint
signatures or sole signature of any person to whom special power has been
delegated by the Manager(s), but only within the limits of such special
power.

Art. 12. Meetings of the Board of Managers.

In case a Board of Managers is formed, the following rules shall apply:

The Board of Managers may appoint from among its members a
chairman (the "Chairman"). It may also appoint a secretary, who need not
be a Manager himself and who will be responsible for keeping the minutes
of the meetings of the Board of Managers (the "Secretary").

The Board of Managers will meet upon call by the Chairman. A meeting
of the Board of Managers must be convened if any two (2) of its members
so require.

The Chairman will preside over all meetings of the Board of Managers,
except that in his absence the Board of Managers may appoint another
member of the Board of Managers as chairman pro tempore by majority
vote of the Managers present or represented at such meeting.


Except in cases of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled
to attend, at least three (3) calendar days' written notice of meetings of the
Board of Managers shall be given in writing and transmitted by any means
of communication allowing for the transmission of a written text. Any such
notice shall specify the time and the place of the meeting as well as the
agenda and the nature of the business to be transacted. The notice may be
waived by properly documented consent of each member of the Board of
Managers. No separate notice is required for meetings held at times and
places speciﬁed in a time schedule previously adopted by resolution of the
Board of Managers.

The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be held in Luxembourg or
at such other place as the Board of Managers may from time to time
determine. Any Manager may act at any meeting of the Board of Managers
by appointing in writing, transmitted by any means of communication
allowing for the transmission of a written text, another Manager as his
proxy. Any Manager may represent one or several members of the Board of
Managers.

A quorum of the Board of Managers shall be the presence or
representation of at least half (1/2) of the Managers holding ofﬁce, provided
that in the event that the Managers have been qualiﬁed as Class A Managers
or Class B Managers, such quorum shall only be met if at least one (1) Class
A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager are present.

Decisions will be taken by a majority of the votes of the Managers
present or represented at such meeting.

One or more Managers may participate in a meeting by conference call,
visio conference or any other similar means of communication enabling thus
several persons participating therein to simultaneously communicate with
each other. Such participation shall be deemed equivalent to a physical
presence at the meeting.

A written decision, signed by all the Managers, is proper and valid as
though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board of Managers which
was duly convened and held. Such a decision may be documented in a
single document or in several separate documents having the same content
and each of them signed by one or several Managers.

Art. 13. Resolutions of the Managers.

The resolutions of the Manager(s) shall be recorded in writing.

The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Managers will be signed by
the Chairman of the meeting and by the secretary (if any). Any proxies will
remain attached thereto.

Copies or extracts of written resolutions or minutes, to be produced in
judicial proceedings or otherwise, may be signed by the sole Manager or by
any two (2) Managers acting jointly if more than one Manager has been
appointed.


Art. 14. Management Fees and Expenses.

Subject to approval by the shareholder(s), the Manager(s) may receive a
management fee in respect of the carrying out of their management of the
Company and may, in addition, be reimbursed for all other expenses
whatsoever incurred by the Manager(s) in relation to such management of
the Company or the pursuit of the Company's corporate object.

Art. 15. Conﬂicts of Interest.

Any manager who has, directly or indirectly, a ﬁnancial interest
conﬂicting with the interest of the Company in connection with a
transaction falling within the competence of the board of managers, must
inform the board of managers of such conﬂict of interest and must have his
declaration recorded in the minutes of the board meeting. The relevant
manager may not take part in the discussions relating to such transaction or
vote on such transaction. Any such conﬂict of interest must be reported to
the next general meeting of shareholders prior to such meeting taking any
resolution on any other item.

Where the Company comprises a sole manager, transactions made
between the Company and the manager having an interest conﬂicting with
that of the Company are speciﬁcally mentioned in the resolution of the sole
manager.

Where, by reason of a conﬂicting interest, the number of managers
required in order to validly deliberate is not met, the board of managers may
in its sole discretion either deliberate and take the decision at the majority of
the non-conﬂicted managers or decide to submit the decision on this speciﬁc
item to the general meeting of shareholders.

The conﬂict of interest rules shall not apply where the decision of the
board of managers or the sole manager relates to day-to-day transactions
entered into under normal conditions.

Art. 16. Managers Liability - Indemniﬁcation.

No Manager commits himself, by reason of his functions, to any personal
obligation in relation to the commitments taken on behalf of the Company.
Manager(s) are only liable for the performance of their duties.

The Company shall indemnify any member of the Board of Managers,
ofﬁcer or employee of the Company and, if applicable, their successors,
heirs, executors and administrators, against damages and expenses
reasonably incurred by him in connection with any action, suit or
proceeding to which he may be made a party by reason of his being or
having been Manager(s), ofﬁcer or employee of the Company, or, at the
request of the Company, any other company of which the Company is a
shareholder or creditor and by which he is not entitled to be indemniﬁed,
except in relation to matters as to which he shall be ﬁnally adjudged in such
action, suit or proceeding to be liable for gross negligence or misconduct. In
the event of a settlement, indemniﬁcation shall be provided only in


connection with such matters covered by the settlement as to which the
Company is advised by its legal counsel that the person to be indemniﬁed is
not guilty of gross negligence or misconduct. The foregoing right of
indemniﬁcation shall not exclude other rights to which the persons to be
indemniﬁed pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation may be entitled.

Chapter IV.- Shareholders

Art. 17. Powers of the Shareholders.

The shareholder(s) shall have such powers as are vested in them pursuant
to the Articles of Incorporation and the Laws. The sole shareholder carries
out the powers bestowed on the general meeting of shareholders.

Any properly constituted general meeting of shareholders of the
Company represents the all of shareholders.

Art. 18. Annual General Meeting.

The annual general meeting of shareholders, of which one must be held
where the Company has more than sixty (60) shareholders, will be held on
the 3rd Monday of June at lO am.

If such day is a day on which banks are not generally open for business in
Luxembourg, the meeting will be held on the next following business day.

Art. 19. Other General Meetings.

If the Company is composed of several shareholders, but no more than
sixty (60) shareholders, resolutions of the shareholders may be passed in
writing. Written resolutions may be documented in a single document or in
several separate documents having the same content and each of them
signed by one or several shareholders. Should such written resolutions be
sent by the Manager(s) to the shareholders for adoption, the shareholders are
under the obligation to, within a time period of ﬁfteen (15) calendar days
from the dispatch of the text of the proposed resolutions, cast their written
vote by returning it to the Company through any means of communication
allowing for the transmission of a written text. The quorum and majority
requirements applicable to the adoption of resolutions by the general
meeting of shareholders shall mutatis mutandis apply to the adoption of
written resolutions.

General meetings of shareholders, including the annual general meeting
of shareholders will be held at the registered ofﬁce of the Company or at
such other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and may be held
abroad if, in the judgment of the Manager(s), which is ﬁnal, circumstances
of force majeure so require.

Art. 20. Notice of General Meetings.

Unless there is only a sole shareholder, the shareholders may also meet in
a general meeting of shareholders upon issuance of a convening notice in
compliance with the Articles of Incorporation or the Laws.

The convening notice sent to the shareholders will specify the time and
the place of the meeting as well as the agenda and the nature of the business


to be transacted at the relevant general meeting of shareholders. The agenda
for a general meeting of shareholders shall also, where appropriate, describe
any proposed changes to the Articles of Incorporation and, if applicable, set
out the text of those changes affecting the object or form of the Company. If
all the shareholders are present or represented at a general meeting of
shareholders and if they state that they have been duly informed of the
agenda of the meeting, the meeting may be held without prior notice.

Art. 21. Attendance - Representation.

All shareholders are entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting
of shareholders. Each share entitles to one vote in general meetings of
shareholders.

Shareholders may take part in the general meeting by conference call,
through video conference or by any other suitable means of communication
allowing for their identiﬁcation, allowing all persons taking part in the
meeting to hear one another on a continuous basis, and allowing for an
effective participation of all such persons in the meeting. In such case, at
least one (l) shareholder or his proxy-holder shall be physically present at
the registered ofﬁce of the Company and the meeting shall be deemed held
at the registered ofﬁce of the Company.

Each shareholder may vote at a general meeting through a signed voting
form sent by post, electronic mail, facsimile or any other means of
communication to the Company's registered ofﬁce or to the address
speciﬁed in the convening notice.

Voting forms which, for a proposed resolution, do not show (i) a vote in
favour or (ii) a vote against the proposed resolution or (iii) an abstention are
void with respect to such resolution. The Company shall only take into
account voting forms received before the general meeting to which they
relate.

An attendance list must be kept at all general meetings of shareholders.

Resolutions at the meetings of shareholders or resolutions proposed in
writing to the shareholders are validly taken in so far as they are adopted by
shareholders representing more than half of the share capital of the
Company.

Art. 22. Proceedings.

Any general meeting of shareholders shall be presided over by the
Chairman or by a person designated by the Manager(s) or, in the absence of
such designation, by the general meeting of shareholders.

The Chairman of the general meeting of shareholders shall appoint a
secretary.

The general meeting of shareholders shall elect one (l) scrutineer to be
chosen from the persons attending the general meeting of shareholders. The
Chairman, the secretary and the scrutineer so appointed together form the
board of the general meeting.


Art. 23. Vote.

At any general meeting of shareholders other than a general meeting
convened for the purpose of amending the Articles of Incorporation of the
Company or voting on resolutions whose adoption is subject to the quorum
and majority requirements of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation,
as the case may be, to the quorum and majority rules set for the amendment
of the Articles of Incorporation, resolutions shall be adopted by shareholders
representing more than half (1/2) of the capital. If such majority is not
reached at the ﬁrst meeting (or consultation in writing), the shareholders
shall be convened (or consulted) a second time and resolutions shall be
adopted, irrespective of the number of shares represented, by a simple
majority of votes cast.

At any general meeting of shareholders, convened in accordance with the
Articles of Incorporation or the Laws, for the purpose of amending the
Articles of Incorporation of the Company or voting on resolutions whose
adoption is subject to the quorum and majority requirements of an
amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, the majority requirements shall
be a majority of shareholders representing at least three quarters (3/4) of the
capital.

In case where a shareholder who defaults on his obligations regarding the
statutes or his subscription and/or engagement deed, the managers shall be
able to suspend his voting rights, according to provisions of article 710-19
of the Law.

Art. 24. Minutes.

The minutes of the general meeting of shareholders shall be signed by the
shareholders present or represented and may be signed by any shareholders
or proxies of shareholders, who so request.

The resolutions adopted by the sole shareholder shall be documented in
writing and signed by the sole shareholder.

Copies or extracts of the written resolutions adopted by the
shareholder(s) as well as of the minutes of the general meeting of
shareholders to be produced in judicial proceedings or otherwise may be
signed by the sole Manager or by any two (2) Managers acting jointly if
more than one Manager has been appointed.

Chapter V.- Financial year, Financial statements, Distribution of

proﬁts
Art. 25. Financial Year.

The Company's ﬁnancial year begins on the ﬁrst day of January and ends
on the last day of December of each year.

Art. 26. Adoption of Financial Statements.

At the end of each ﬁnancial year, the accounts are closed and the
Manager(s) draw(s) up an inventory of assets and liabilities, the balance
sheet and the proﬁt and loss account, in accordance with the Laws.

10


The annual statutory and/or consolidated accounts are submitted to the
shareholder(s) for approval.

Each shareholder or its representative may peruse these ﬁnancial
documents at the registered ofﬁce of the Company. If the Company is
composed of more than sixty (60) shareholders, such right may only be
exercised within a time period of ﬁfteen (15) calendar days preceding the
date set for the annual general meeting of shareholders.

Art. 27. Distribution of Proﬁts.

From the annual net proﬁts of the Company, at least ﬁve per cent (5%)
shall each year be allocated to the reserve required by law (the "Legal
Reserve“). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as
soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%) of the
issued capital of the Company.

After allocation to the Legal Reserve, the shareholder(s) shall determine
how the remainder of the annual net proﬁts will be disposed of by allocating
the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve or to a provision, by carrying
it forward to the next following ﬁnancial year or by distributing it, together
with carried forward proﬁts, distributable reserves or share premium to the
shareholder(s), each share entitling to the same proportion in such
distributions.

Subject to the conditions (if any) ﬁxed by the Laws and in compliance
with the foregoing provisions, the Manager(s) may pay out an advance
payment on dividends to the shareholders. The Manager(s) ﬁx the amount
and the date of payment of any such advance payment.

Chapter VI.- Dissolution, Liguidation

Art. 28. Dissolution, Liquidation.

The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the shareholder(s)
adopted by the shareholders holding three quarters (3/4) of the capital.
Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried out by the
Manager(s) or such other persons (who may be physical persons or legal
entities) appointed by the shareholder(s), who will determine their powers
and their compensation.

After payment of all the debts of and charges against the Company,
including the expenses of liquidation, the net liquidation proceeds shall be
distributed to the shareholder(s) so as to achieve on an aggregate basis the
same economic result as the distribution rules set out for dividend
distributions.

Chapter VII.- Applicable law

Art. 29. Applicable Law.

All matters not governed by the Articles of Incorporation shall be
determined in accordance with the Laws, in particular the law of 10 August
1915 on commercial companies, as amended.

Subscription and Payment

ll


All the one hundred twenty thousand (120,000) shares with a nominal
value of ten cents (EUR 0.10) each have been subscribed by SINEWS
GLOBAL LTD.

All the shares have been fully paid-up by contribution in cash of EUR
12,000. - (twelve thousand euros) which are at the free disposal of the
Company; evidence of which has been given to the undersigned notary.

Transitory Provisions
The ﬁrst ﬁnancial year shall begin today and it shall end on 31 December

2019.
Estimate of costs
The expenses, costs, remunerations and charges in any form whatsoever,
which shall be borne by the Company as a result of the present deed are
estimated to be approximately one thousand two hundred euro (EUR
1,200.).
Extraordinary General Meeting
Immediately after the incorporation, the appearing party, representing
the entire subscribed capital of the Company, has herewith adopted the
following resolutions:
1. The following is appointed as a manager for a period of six (6)
years:
- Mr. Gokhool, Seilendra, born on 07th of February 1971 at the
Republic of Mauritius, Mauritius, with a permanent place of residence at
6V. Lamarque Street, Curepipe, Republic of Mauritius, with the passport

issued by the competent authority of Mauritius bearing the number:
1235028

2. The registered ofﬁce of the Company is ﬁxed at 3A, Sentier de
l’Espérance, L-1474 Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is
worded in English, followed by a French version; at the request of the
same appearing party, in case of discrepancies between the English and the

French text, the English version will be prevailing.
Whereof the present notarial deed is drawn in Luxembourg, on the date

stated above.

The document having been read to the proxyholder of the appearing
parties, the proxyholder of the appearing parties signed together with us,
the notary, the present original deed.

Suit la traduction française du texte qui précède:
L'an deux mil dix-huit, le dix décembre.
Par-devant Maitre Karine REUTER, notaire de residence à
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.
A comparu:

12


- << SINEWS GLOBAL LTD», une société à responsabilité limitée,
enregistrée au Registrar of Companies de la République de Maurice, sous le
numéro 068204, et ayant son siège au 15th ﬂoor, Sir Virgil Naz St, Port
Louis, République de Maurice,

ici représentée par Monsieur Damien BARBOSA, employé, demeurant
professionnellement à L-l94O Luxembourg, 488, route de Longwy, en vertu
de procuration lui substituée datée du 17 Octobre 2018, laquelle après avoir
été signée << ne varietur >> par le mandataire de la partie comparante et le
notaire instrumentant restera annexée aux présentes.

La partie comparante, en qualité, a demandé au notaire soussigné,
d'arrêter les statuts d'une société à responsabilité limitée (<< les statuts >>) qui
est constituée par la présente comme suit :

Chapitre I.- Forme, N on, Siège social, Objet, Durée

Art. 1 ". Forme. Dénomination.

Il est formé par la présente une société à responsabilité limitée (la
"Société") régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, (les "Lois"),
et par les présents statuts (les "Statuts").

La Société peut comporter un associé unique, propriétaire de la totalité
des parts sociales ou plusieurs associés, dans la limite de cents (100)
associés.

La Société adopte la dénomination "Red Velvet Luxembourg Holding."

Art. 2. Siège social.

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg. Il peut être transféré dans ladite commune ou
dans tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par décision du
gérant unique ou du conseil de gérance qui sera alors autorisé à modiﬁer les
Statuts pour qu’ils tiennent compte de la réalisation du transfert.

Des succursales ou d'autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au Grand-
Duché du Luxembourg ou à l'étranger par décision du Gérant Unique ou du
Conseil de Gérance.

Dans l'hypothèse où le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance estime
que des événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique, économique ou social
sont de nature à compromettre l'activité normale de la Société à son siège
social ou la communication aisée avec ce siège ou entre ce siège et l'étranger
ou que de tels événements se sont produits ou sont imminents, la Société
pourra transférer provisoirement le siège social à l'étranger jusqu'à cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n'auront
aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant ce transfert
provisoire du siège, demeurera régie par les Lois. Ces mesures provisoires
seront prises et portées à la connaissance de tout intéressé par le Gérant

Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance.
Art. 3. Objet.

13


L'objet de la Société est l'acquisition, la détention, la gérance et la
disposition de participations et d'intérêts, sous quelque forme que ce soit,
dans des sociétés luxembourgeoises et étrangères ou dans toutes autres
entités, entreprises ou investissements, l'acquisition par l'achat, la
souscription, ou par tout autre moyen, de même que la cession par la vente,
l'échange ou autrement d'actions, d'obligations, de certiﬁcats de créance,
notes, certiﬁcats de dépôt et autres valeurs mobilières ou instruments
ﬁnanciers de toute espèce, et la détention, l'administration, le
développement et la gestion de son portefeuille.

La Société peut participer à la création, au développement, à la gestion et
au contrôle de toute société ou entreprise et peut investir de quelque manière
que ce soit dans tous types d'avoirs. La Société peut également détenir des
intérêts dans des sociétés de personnes et exercer son activité par
l'intermédiaire de succursales au Luxembourg ou à l'étranger.

La Société peut emprunter sous toute forme et procéder par voie de
placement privé à l'émission d'obligations, de notes et de certiﬁcats de
créance ou toute sorte de valeur mobilière.

La Société peut prêter des fonds, y compris sans limitation ceux résultant
de tous emprunts de la Société ou de l'émission de tout titres de toute sorte,
à ses ﬁliales, sociétés afﬁliées ou toute autre société ou entité qu'elle juge
appropriée.

La Société peut donner des garanties et accorder des sûretés à tout tiers
pour ses propres obligations et engagements ainsi que pour les obligations
de toute société ou autre entreprise dans laquelle la Société a un intérêt ou
qui fait partie du groupe de sociétés auquel la Société appartient ou toute
autre société ou entité qu'elle juge appropriée et généralement pour son
propre bénéﬁce ou pour le bénéﬁce de cette entité.

D'une manière générale elle peut prêter assistance à toute société ou
entreprise dans laquelle la Société a un intérêt ou qui fait partie du groupe de
sociétés auquel appartient la Société ou toute autre société ou entreprise que
la Société juge appropriée, prendre toute mesure de contrôle et de
surveillance et effectuer toute opération qu'elle juge utile dans
l'accomplissement et le développement de ses objets.

L’objet de la société couvre également la détention de tous droits
intellectuels et industriels, tels que marques, brevets et noms de domaine.

La Société peut généralement employer toute technique et tout
instrument en relation avec un quelconque de ses investissements dans le
but d'une gestion efﬁcace, y compris sans limitation des techniques et des
instruments destinés à protéger la Société contre les risques de crédit, de
taux de change, taux d'intérêt et tout autre risque.

Finalement, la Société peut effectuer toute opération commerciale,
technique, ﬁnancière ou autre, liée directement ou indirectement, dans tous
les domaines, aﬁn de faciliter la réalisation de son objet.

14


Art. 4. Durée.

La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

Elle peut être dissoute, à tout moment, par une résolution des associés,
statuant aux conditions de quorum et de majorité requises par les Lois ou
par les Statuts, selon le cas, conformément à l'article 28 des Statuts.

Chapitre II.- Capital, Parts sociales

Art. 5. Capital émis.

Le capital émis de la Société est ﬁxé à douze mille euros (12.000 EUR)
divisé en cent vingt mille (120.000) parts sociales ayant une valeur
nominale de dix centimes (0,10 EUR) chacune, celles-ci étant entièrement
libérées.

Les droits et obligations inhérents aux parts sociales sont identiques sauf
stipulation contraire des Statuts ou des Lois. En plus du capital émis, un
compte prime d'émission peut être établi sur lequel seront transférées toutes
les primes d'émission payées sur les parts sociales en plus de la valeur
nominale.

Art. 6. Parts sociales.

Chaque part sociale donne droit à une voix.

Chaque part sociale est indivisible à l'égard de la Société.

Les propriétaires indivis sont tenus de se faire représenter auprès de la
Société par un représentant commun désigné ou non parmi eux.

Lorsque la Société ne compte qu'un seul associé, celui-ci peut librement
céder ses parts sociales.

Lorsque la Société compte plusieurs associés, les parts sociales sont
librement cessibles entre eux et les parts sociales ne peuvent être cédées à
des non-associés qu'avec l'autorisation des associés représentant au moins la
moitié (1/2) du capital social.

La cession de parts sociales doit être constatée par acte notarié ou par
acte sous seing privé. Une telle cession n'est opposable à la Société ou aux
tiers qu'après avoir été dûment notiﬁée à la Société ou acceptée par elle
conformément à l'article 1690 du code civil luxembourgeois.

La Société peut racheter ses propres parts sociales à condition que la
Société ait des réserves distribuables sufﬁsantes à cet effet ou que le rachat
résulte de la réduction du capital social de la Société ou conformément à la
Loi.

Les parts sociales sont indivisibles au regard de la Société, ce qui ne
permet d'y avoir qu'un seul détenteur par part sociale. S'il y a plusieurs
propriétaires d'une part, ils sont tenus de désigner un seul représentant qui
les représentera à l'égard de la Société. La Société a le droit de suspendre
l'exercice des droits y afférents, à l'exclusion du droit à l'information prévu à
l'article 416-6 de la Loi sur les Sociétés Commerciales, jusqu'à ce que le
représentant soit désigné.

15


La propriété d'une part sociale emporte de plein droit acceptation des
Statuts de la Société et des décisions valablement adoptées par les associés.

La Société peut créer un compte de prime d’émission (le << Compte de
Prime d’Emission >>) sur lequel toute prime d’émission payée pour toute
part sociale sera versée. Les décisions quant à l’utilisation du Compte de
Prime d’Emission doivent être prises par le gérant unique ou par le Conseil
de Gérance sous réserve de la Loi de 1915 et des présents Statuts.

La Société peut, sans limitation, accepter des capitaux propres ou
d’autres apports sans émettre de parts sociales ou autres titres en
contrepartie de l’apport et peut créditer les apports à un ou plusieurs
comptes. Les décisions quant à l’utilisation de tels comptes seront prises par
le Gérant Unique ou par le Conseil de Gérance sous réserve de la Loi sur les
Sociétés Commerciales et des présents Statuts. Pour éviter tout doute, toute
décision peut, mais n’a pas besoin de, allouer tout montant apporté à
l’apporteur.

Art. 7. Augmentation et Réduction du Capital.

Le capital émis de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit, en une ou
plusieurs fois, par une résolution des associés adoptée aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité requises par les Statuts ou, le cas échéant, par les
Lois pour toute modiﬁcation des Statuts.

Art. 8. Incapacité. Faillite ou Insolvabilité d'un Associé.

L'incapacité, la faillite, l'insolvabilité ou tout autre événement similaire
affectant les associés n'entraîne pas la mise en liquidation de la Société.

Chapitre III.- Gérants

Art. 9. Gérants.

La Société est gérée et administrée par un ou plusieurs gérants qui n'ont
pas besoin d'être associés (les "Gérants").

Si plus d'un (1) Gérant sont nommés, ils formeront un conseil de gérance
(le "Conseil de Gérance").

Les Gérants seront nommés par les associés, qui détermineront leur
nombre et la durée de leur mandat. Les Gérants peuvent être renommés et
peuvent être révoqués à tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une résolution
des associés.

Les associés pourront qualifier les gérants nommés de Gérants de
catégorie A (les "Gérants de Catégorie A") ou Gérants de catégorie B (les
"Gérants de Catégorie B").

Art. 10. Pouvoirs des Gérants.

Les Gérants sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour accomplir
tous les actes nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l'objet social de la
Société. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés par les
Statuts ou par les Lois aux associés relèvent de la compétence des Gérants.

Art. 11. Délégation de Pouvoirs - Représentation de la Société.

16


Les Gérants peuvent déléguer des pouvoirs ou des mandats spéciaux, ou
conﬁer des fonctions permanentes ou temporaires à des personnes ou des
comités de leur choix.

La Société sera engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature individuelle
du Gérant unique ou par la signature individuelle d'un Gérant si plus d'un
Gérant a été nommé.

Toutefois, si les associés ont qualiﬁé les Gérants de Gérants de Catégorie
A et Gérants de Catégorie B, la Société ne sera engagée vis-à—vis des tiers
que par la signature conjointe d'un Gérant de Catégorie A et d’un Gérant de
Catégorie B.

La Société sera également engagée vis-à—vis des tiers par la signature
conjointe ou par la signature individuelle de toute personne à qui ce pouvoir
de signature aura été délégué par les Gérants, mais seulement dans les
limites de ce pouvoir.

Art. 12. Réunions du Conseil de Gérance.

Dans l'hypothèse où un Conseil de Gérance est formé, les règles
suivantes s'appliqueront:

Le Conseil de Gérance peut nommer parmi ses membres un président (le
"Président"). Il peut également nommer un secrétaire qui n'a pas besoin
d'être lui-même Gérant et qui sera responsable de la tenue des procès-
verbaux du Conseil de Gérance (le "Secrétaire").

Le Conseil de Gérance se réunira sur convocation du Président. Une
réunion du Conseil de Gérance doit être convoquée si deux (2) de ses
membres le demandent.

Le Président présidera toutes les réunions du Conseil de Gérance, mais
en son absence le Conseil de Gérance désignera un autre membre du Conseil
de Gérance comme président pro tempore par un vote à la majorité des
Gérants présents ou représentés à cette réunion.

Sauf en cas d'urgence ou avec l'accord préalable de tous ceux qui ont le
droit d'y assister, une convocation écrite devra être transmise, trois (3) jours
calendaires au moins avant la date prévue pour la réunion du Conseil de
Gérance, par tout moyen de communication permettant la transmission d'un
texte écrit. La convocation indiquera la date, l'heure et le lieu de la réunion
ainsi que l'ordre du jour et la nature des affaires à traiter. Il pourra être
renoncé à cette convocation par un accord correctement consigné de chaque
membre du Conseil de Gérance. Aucune convocation spéciale ne sera
requise pour les réunions se tenant à des dates et des lieux déterminés
préalablement par une résolution adoptée par le Conseil de Gérance.

Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance se tiendront à Luxembourg ou à tout
autre endroit que le Conseil de Gérance pourra déterminer de temps à autre.

Tout Gérant peut se faire représenter aux réunions du Conseil de Gérance
en désignant par un écrit, transmis par tout moyen de communication
permettant la transmission d'un texte écrit, un autre Gérant comme son

17


mandataire. Tout Gérant peut représenter un ou plusieurs membres du
Conseil de Gérance.

Le Conseil de Gérance ne pourra valablement délibérer que si au moins
la moitié (1/2) des Gérants en fonction est présente ou représentée, sous
réserve que dans l'hypothèse où des Gérants de Catégorie A ou des Gérants
de Catégorie B ont été désignés, ce quorum ne sera atteint que si au moins
un Gérant de Catégorie A et un Gérant de Catégorie B sont présents.

Les décisions seront prises àla majorité des voix des Gérants présents ou
représentés à cette réunion.

Un ou plusieurs Gérants peuvent prendre part à une réunion par
conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen de
communication similaire permettant ainsi à plusieurs personnes y
participant de communiquer simultanément les unes avec les autres. Une
telle participation sera considérée équivalente à une présence physique à la
réunion.

Une décision écrite, signée par tous les Gérants, est régulière et valable
de la même manière que si elle avait été adoptée à une réunion du Conseil
de Gérance dûment convoquée et tenue. Une telle décision pourra être
consignée dans un seul ou plusieurs écrits séparés ayant le même contenu et
signé par un ou plusieurs Gérants.

Art. 13. Résolutions des Gérants.

Les résolutions des Gérants doivent être consignées par écrit.

Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil de Gérance seront signés par
le Président de la réunion et par le Secrétaire (s'il y en a). Les procurations y
resteront annexées.

Les copies ou les extraits des résolutions écrites ou les procès-verbaux,
destinés à être produits en justice ou ailleurs, pourront être signés par le
Gérant unique ou par deux Gérants agissant conjointement si plus d'un
Gérant a été nommé.

Art. 14. Rémunération et Dépenses.

Sous réserve de l'approbation des associés, les Gérants peuvent recevoir
une rémunération pour leur gestion de la Société et peuvent, de plus, être
remboursés de toutes les dépenses qu'ils auront exposées en relation avec la
gestion de la Société ou la poursuite de l'objet social de la Société.

Art. 15. Conﬂits d'Intérêt.

Si un gérant a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt de nature
patrimoniale opposé à celui de la Société à l'occasion d'une opération
relevant du conseil de gérance, il est tenu d'en prévenir le conseil de gérance
et de faire mentionner cette déclaration au procès-verbal de la séance. II ne
peut prendre part à cette délibération. Tout conﬂit d'intérêt doit être reporté
àla prochaine assemblée générale des associés avant que cette assemblée ne
délibère sur quelconque matière.

18


Lorsque la Société a un gérant unique, les transactions entre la Société et
le gérant ayant un conﬂit d'intérêt doivent être spéciﬁquement mentionnées
dans les résolutions du gérant unique.

Lorsque, en raison d'une opposition d'intérêt, le nombre de membres du
conseil de gérance requis en vue de délibérer et de voter sur le point en
question n'est pas atteint, le conseil de gérance peut décider de déférer la
décision sur ce point à l'assemblée générale des associés.

Les dispositions des alinéas qui précèdent ne sont pas applicables lorsque
les décisions du conseil de gérance concernent des opérations courantes
conclues dans des conditions normales.

Art. 16. Responsabilité des Gérants - Indemnisation.

Les Gérants n'engagent pas leur responsabilité personnelle lorsque, dans
l'exercice de leurs fonctions, ils prennent des engagements pour le compte
de la Société.

Les Gérants sont uniquement responsables de l'accomplissement de leurs
devoirs.

La Société indemnisera tout membre du Conseil de Gérance, fondé de
pouvoir ou employé de la Société et, le cas échéant, leurs successeurs, leurs
héritiers, exécuteurs testamentaires et administrateurs de biens pour tous
dommages qu'ils ont à payer et tous frais raisonnables qu'ils auront encourus
par suite de leur comparution en tant que défendeurs dans des actions en
justice, des procès ou des poursuites judiciaires qui leur auront été intentés
de par leurs fonctions actuelles ou anciennes de Gérant(s), de fondé de
pouvoir ou d'employé de la Société, ou à la demande de la Société, de toute
autre société dans laquelle la Société est actionnaire ou créancier et dans
laquelle ils n'ont pas droit à indemnisation, exception faite des cas où leur
responsabilité est engagée pour négligence grave ou mauvaise gestion. En
cas d'arrangement transactionnel, l'indemnisation ne portera que sur les
questions couvertes par l'arrangement transactionnel et dans ce cas
seulement si la Société reçoit conﬁrmation par son conseiller juridique que
la personne à indemniser n'est pas coupable de négligence grave ou
mauvaise gestion. Ce droit à indemnisation n'est pas exclusif d'autres droits
auxquels les personnes susnommées pourraient prétendre en vertu des
Statuts.

Chapitre IV.- Des associés

Art. 17. Pouvoirs des Associés.

Les associés exercent les pouvoirs qui leur sont dévolus par les Statuts et
les Lois. Si la Société ne compte qu'un seul associé, celui-ci exerce les
pouvoirs conférés par les Lois à l'assemblée générale des associés. Toute
assemblée générale des associés régulièrement constituée représente
l'ensemble des associés.

Art. 18. Assemblée Générale Annuelle des Associés.

l9


L'assemblée générale annuelle des associés, qui doit se tenir au cas où la
Société a plus de soixante (60) associés, aura lieu le 3e lundi du mois de juin
à 10 heures.

Si ce jour n'est pas généralement un jour bancaire ouvrable à
Luxembourg, l'assemblée se tiendra le premier jour ouvrable suivant.

Art. 19. Autres Assemblées Générales.

Si la Société compte plusieurs associés, dans la limite de soixante (60)
associés, les résolutions des associés peuvent être prises par écrit. Les
résolutions écrites peuvent être constatées dans un seul ou plusieurs
documents ayant le même contenu, signés par un ou plusieurs associés. Dès
lors que les résolutions à adopter ont été envoyées par les Gérants aux
associés pour approbation, les associés sont tenus, dans un dans un délai de
quinze (15) jours calendaires suivant la réception du texte de la résolution
proposée, d'exprimer leur vote par écrit en le retournant àla Société par tout
moyen de communication permettant la transmission d'un texte écrit. Les
exigences de quorum et de majorité imposées pour l'adoption de résolutions
par l'assemblée générale s’appliquent mutatis mutandis à l'adoption de
résolution écrites.

Les assemblées générales des associés, y compris l'assemblée générale
annuelle des associés, se tiendra au siège social de la Société ou à tout autre
endroit au Grand-Duché du Luxembourg, et pourra se tenir à l'étranger,
chaque fois que des circonstances de force majeure, appréciées
souverainement par les Gérants, le requièrent.

Art. 20. Convocation des Assemblées Générales.

A moins qu'il n'y ait qu'un associé unique, les associés peuvent aussi se
réunir en assemblées générales, conformément aux conditions ﬁxées par les
Statuts ou les Lois.

La convocation envoyée aux associés indiquera la date, l'heure et le lieu
de l'assemblée générale ainsi que l'ordre du jour et la nature des affaires à
traiter lors de l'assemblée générale des associés. L'ordre du jour d'une
assemblée générale d'associés doit également, si nécessaire, indiquer toutes
les modiﬁcations proposées des Statuts et, le cas échéant, le texte des
modiﬁcations relatives à l'objet social ou àla forme de la Société. Si tous les
associés sont présents ou représentés à une assemblée générale des associés
et s'ils déclarent avoir été dûment informés de l'ordre du jour de l'assemblée,
celle-ci peut se tenir sans convocation préalable.

Art. 21. Présence - Représentation.

Tous les associés sont en droit de participer et de prendre la parole à
toute assemblée générale des associés. Chaque part sociale permet un vote à
l'assemblée générale des associés.

Sont réputés présents pour le calcul du quorum et de la majorité les
associés qui participent à l'assemblée par visioconférence ou par des moyens
de télécommunication permettant leur identiﬁcation. Ces moyens doivent

20


satisfaire à des caractéristiques techniques garantissant la participation
effective à l'assemblée, dont les délibérations sont retransmises de façon
continue. Dans ce cas, un associé ou son mandataire devra toutefois être
physiquement présent au siège de la Société et l'assemblée est réputée être
tenue au lieu du siège de la Société.

Tout associé peut voter par correspondance, au moyen d'un formulaire
signé envoyé par la poste, par e-mail, par fax ou par tout autre moyen de
communication au siège social de la Société ou à toute autre adresse
spéciﬁée dans la convocation.

Les formulaires, dans lesquels ne seraient mentionnés ni le sens d'un vote
ni l'abstention, sont nuls. Il n'est tenu compte que des formulaires qui ont été
reçus par la Société avant la réunion de l'assemblée générale.

11 est tenu à chaque assemblée générale une liste des présences.

Les résolutions prises lors des réunions des associés ou les résolutions
écrites des associés sont valablement prises pour autant qu'elles aient été
adoptées par les associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social.

Art. 22. Procédure.

Toute assemblée générale des associés est présidée par le Président ou
par une personne désignée par le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de Gérance,
ou, faute d'une telle désignation par le Gérant Unique ou le Conseil de
Gérance, par une personne désignée par l'assemblée générale des associés.

Le Président de l'assemblée générale des associés désigne un secrétaire.
L'assemblée générale des associés élit un (1) scrutateur parmi les personnes
participant à l'assemblée générale des associés.

Le Président, le secrétaire et le scrutateur ainsi désignés forment
ensemble le bureau de l'assemblée générale.

Art. 23. Vote.

Lors de toute assemblée générale des associés autre qu'une assemblée
générale convoquée en vue de la modiﬁcation des Statuts de la Société ou
du vote de résolutions dont l'adoption est soumise aux conditions de quorum
et de majorité exigées pour toute modiﬁcation des Statuts, les résolutions
seront adoptées par les associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du
capital social. Si cette majorité n'est pas atteinte sur première convocation
(ou consultation par écrit), les associés seront de nouveau convoqués (ou
consultés) et les résolutions seront adoptées à la majorité simple,
indépendamment du nombre de parts sociales représentées.

Lors de toute assemblée générale des associés, convoquée conformément
aux Statuts ou aux Lois, en vue de la modiﬁcation des Statuts de la Société
ou du vote de résolutions dont l'adoption est soumise aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité exigées pour toute modiﬁcation des Statuts, la
majorité exigée sera la majorité des associés représentant au moins les trois
quarts (3/4) du capital.

21


Dans le cas où un associé est en défaut de remplir les obligations lui
incombant en vertu des statuts ou de son acte de souscription ou
d’engagement, les gérants peuvent suspendre son droit de vote,
conformément à l’article 710-19 de la Loi.

Art. 24. Procès-Verbaux.

Les procès-verbaux des assemblées générales doivent être signés par les
associés présents et peuvent être signés par tous les associés ou mandataires
d'associés qui en font la demande.

Les résolutions adoptées par l'associé unique seront établies par écrit et
signées par l'associé unique.

Les copies ou extraits des résolutions écrites adoptées par les associés,
ainsi que les procès-verbaux des assemblées générales à produire en justice
ou ailleurs sont signés par le Gérant unique ou par deux Gérants au moins
agissant conjointement dès lors que plus d'un Gérant aura été nommé.

Chapitre V.- Exercice social, Comptes annuels, Distribution des
bénéﬁces

Art. 25. Exercice social.

L'exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier et s'achève
le dernier jour de décembre de chaque année.

Art. 26. Approbation des Comptes Annuels.

A la clôture de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont arrêtés et le(s)
Gérant(s) dress(-ent) l'inventaire des divers éléments de l'actif et du passif
ainsi que le compte de résultat conformément aux Lois.

Les comptes annuels et/ou les comptes consolidés sont soumis aux
associés pour approbation.

Tout associé ou son mandataire peut prendre connaissance des
documents comptables au siège social de la Société. Si la Société compte
plus de soixante (60) associés, ce droit ne pourra être exercé que dans les
quinze (15) jours calendaires qui précèdent l'assemblée générale annuelle
des associés.

Art. 27. Distribution des Bénéﬁces

Sur les bénéﬁces nets de la Société, il sera prélevé au moins cinq pour
cent (5%) qui seront affectés, chaque année, àla réserve légale (la "Réserve
Légale"), conformément à la loi. Cette affectation à la Réserve Légale
cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque et aussi longtemps que la Réserve Légale
atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du capital émis de la Société. Après
affectation à la Réserve Légale, les associés décident de l'affectation du
solde des bénéﬁces annuels nets. Ils peuvent décider de verser la totalité ou
une partie du solde à un compte de réserve ou de provision, en le reportant à
nouveau ou en le distribuant avec les bénéﬁces reportés, les réserves
distribuables ou les primes d'émission, aux associés, chaque part sociale
donnant droit à une même proportion dans ces distributions. Sous réserve

22


des conditions (s'il y en a) ﬁxées par les Lois et conformément aux
dispositions qui précédent, les Gérants peuvent procéder au versement d'un
acompte sur dividendes aux associés. Les Gérants détermineront le montant
ainsi que la date de paiement de tels acomptes.

Chapitre VI.- Dissolution, Liquidation

Art. 28. Dissolution, Liquidation.

La Société peut être dissoute par une décision prise par les associés
possédant les trois quarts (3/4) du capital social.

En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera réalisée par les
Gérants ou toute autre personne (qui peut être une personne physique ou une
personne morale) nommée par les associés qui détermineront leurs pouvoirs
et leurs émoluments.

Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, et de tous les
frais de liquidation, le boni net de liquidation sera réparti équitablement
entre le(s) associé(s) de manière à atteindre le même résultat économique
que celui ﬁxé par les règles relatives àla distribution de dividendes.

Chapitre VII.- Loi applicable

Art. 29. Loi Applicable.

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les Statuts seront réglées
conformément aux Lois, en particulier à la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant
les sociétés commerciales, telle que modiﬁée.

Souscription et libération

Toutes les cent vingt mille (120.000) parts sociales ayant une valeur
nominale de dix centimes (0,10 EUR) chacune, celles-ci étant entièrement
libérées parts sociales ont été souscrites par SINEWS GLOBAL LTD.

Toutes les parts sociales ont été intégralement libérées par apport en
espèces de 12,000 EUR, (douze mille euros) qui se trouve dès maintenant à
la disposition de la Société, ainsi qu'il en a été justiﬁé au notaire
instrumentaire.

Dispositions Transitoires
Le premier exercice social commence aujourd'hui et se termine le 31

décembre 2019.
Evaluation ses frais

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous quelque
forme que ce soit qui incombent à la Société ou qui sont mis à sa charge en
raison de sa constitution, s'élève à approximativement 1,200 euros (EUR
mille deux cents,-) euros.

Assemblée Générale Constitutive

Après que les Statuts aient été ainsi rédigés, la partie comparante,
représentant l’intégralité du capital social, a pris les décisions suivantes :

1. Est nommé gérant pour une durée de six (6) ans :

- M. Gokhool, Seilendra, né le 7 février 1971 à Maurice, République de
Maurice, ayant sa résidence permanente à 6V. Lamarque Street, Curepipe,

23


République de Maurice, avec le passeport issu par les autorités compétences
mauriciennes, portant le numéro suivant : 1235028.

2. Le siège social de la Société est établi au 3A, Sentier de l’espérance,
L-l474 Luxembourg.

W

Le notaire soussigné, qui a personnellement connaissance de la langue
anglaise, déclare que la partie comparante l’a requis de documenter le
présent acte en langue anglaise, suivi d’une version française. A la requête
de cette même partie comparante, et en cas de divergence entre le texte
anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fera foi.

Dont acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.

Et après lecture faite au mandataire de la partie comparante, connue du
notaire par son nom, prénom usuel, état et résidence, il a signé ensemble

avec Nous, notaire, la présente minute.
Signés : D. BARBOSA, K. REUTER

Enregistré à Luxembourg, Actes Civils 2, le 12 décembre 2018
Relation : 2LAC/201 8/26410

Reçu : soixante-quinze euros

75.- €

Le receveur : A. MULLER

POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME
Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019

24


