Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : B230607
Référence de publication : RESA_2019_004.98

Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_004 le 04/01/2019

Déposé le 04/01/2019

« Skip Wind SARL »

société a responsabilité limitée

Siège social : 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION Me E. DELOSCH
du 20 décembre 2018 No 15.949

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twentieth day of December,

before Maitre Edouard Delosch, notary, residing in Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg,

there appeared the following:

ARDIAN Infrastructure Fund IV S.C.A., SICAR, a société
d’investissement en capital à risque under the form of a société en
commandite par actions, governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-
2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number
B193470,

represented by Tessy BODEVING, professionally residing in Luxembourg,
by virtue of a proxy, given under private seal;

ARDIAN Infrastructure Fund IV S.C.A., SICAR B, a société
d’investissement en capital à risque under the form of a société en
commandite par actions, governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-
2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number
B193880,

represented by Tessy BODEVING, professionally residing in Luxembourg,
by virtue of a proxy, given under private seal.

The proxies, signed by the proxyholder and the undersigned notary, will
remain annexed to the present deed for the purpose of registration.

The following articles of association of a company have then been drawn-
up:

“CHAPTER I.- FORM NAME REGISTERED OFFICE OBJECT
DURATION

 

Article 1. FormI Name


A société à responsabilité Iimitée (the “Company”) governed by the laws
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in particular the law of 10 August 1915
on commercial companies, as amended (the “Laws”) and by these articles
of association (the “Articles of Association”) is hereby established.

The Company may have one (1) single Shareholder (as defined below),
owner of all the Shares (as defined below), or several Shareholders, but
not more than one hundred (100) Shareholders.

The Company will exist under the name of “Skip Wind SARL”.
Article 2. Registered Office

The Company will have its registered office in the City of Luxembourg.

The registered office may be transferred to any other place within the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a resolution of the Manager(s) (as defined
below). The Manager(s) shall arrange that the Articles of Association are
amended to reflect such transfer.

Branches or other ofﬁces may be established either in the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the Manager(s).

In the event that, in the view of the Manager(s), extraordinary political,
economic or social developments occur or are imminent that would
interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered ofﬁce
or with the ease of communications with this office or between this ofﬁce
and persons abroad, the Company may temporarily transfer the registered
office abroad, until the complete cessation of these abnormal
circumstances. These temporary measures will have no effect on the
nationality of the Company, which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer
of the registered ofﬁce, will remain a company governed by the Laws.
These temporary measures will be taken and notified to any interested
parties by the Manager(s).

Article 3. Obiect

The object of the Company is the acquisition, holding and disposal of
interests in Luxembourg and/or in foreign companies and undertakings, as
well as the administration, development and management of such
interests.

The Company may provide loans and financing in any other kind or form,
or grant guarantees or security in any other kind or form, for the benefit of
the companies and undertakings forming part of the group of which the
Company is a member.

The Company may also invest in real estate, in intellectual property rights
or any other movable or immovable assets in any kind or form.

The Company may borrow in any kind or form and issue bonds, notes or

any other debt instruments as well as warrants or other share subscription
rights.


In a general fashion, the Company may carry out any commercial,
industrial or financial operation, which it may deem useful in the
accomplishment and development of its object.

Article 4. Duration
The Company is formed for an unlimited duration.

CHAPTER II. CAPITALI SHARES

Article 5. Share Capital

The share capital of the Company is set at one hundred thousand euro
(EUR 100,000.-) divided into ten million (10,000,000) shares with a
nominal value of one euro cent (EUR 0.01) each (any share in the
Company, a “Share”), which are divided into one million two hundred
thousand (1,200,000) class A shares (the “Class A Shares”), one million
(1 ,000,000) class B shares (the “Class B Shares”), one million (1 ,000,000)
class C shares (the “Class C Shares”), one million (1,000,000) class D
shares (the “Class D Shares”), one million (1 ,000,000) class E shares (the
“Class E Shares”), one million (1,000,000) class F shares (the “Class F
Shares”), one million (1 ,000,000) class G shares (the “Class G Shares”),
one million (1 ,000,000) class H shares (the “Class H Shares”), one million
(1,000,000) class I shares (the “Class I Shares”) and eight hundred
thousand (800,000) class J shares (the “Class J Shares”), all subscribed
and fully paid up.

The rights and obligations attached to the shares shall be identical except
to the extent othenNise provided by the Articles of Incorporation or by the
Laws.

In addition to the share capital, a premium account may be established to
record any premium paid on any Share in addition to its nominal value. The
premium account shall constitute a distributable reserve and may notably
be used for the payment of the price for any Shares which the Company
may repurchase from its Shareholder(s), to offset any net realised losses,
to make distributions to the Shareholder(s) or to allocate funds to the legal
reserve.

Distributable reserve accounts may be established to record contributions
to the Company made by existing Shareholders without issuance of
Shares. Any such reserve shall constitute a distributable reserve and may
notably be used to provide for the payment of the price of any Shares which
the Company may repurchase from its Shareholder(s), to offset any net
realised losses, to make distributions to the Shareholder(s) or to allocate
funds to the legal reserve.

Article 6. Authorised Capital

The authorised capital of the Company (including the issued share capital)
is set at set at one hundred million euro (EUR 100,000,000.-) divided into
one billion (1,000,000,000) Class A Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000)
Class B Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000) Class C Shares, one billion


(1,000,000,000) Class D Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000) Class E
Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000) Class F Shares, one billion
(1,000,000,000) Class G Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000) Class H
Shares, one billion (1,000,000,000) Class | Shares and one billion
(1,000,000,000) Class J Shares, with a nominal value of one cent (EUR
0.01)each.

The Manager(s) are authorised, up to the maximum amount of the
authorised capital, to (i) increase the issued share capital in one or several
tranches, with or without share premium, against payment in cash or in
kind, by conversion of claims on the Company or in any other manner, (ii)
issue subscription and/or conversion rights in relation to new shares or
instruments within the limits of the authorised capital, under the terms and
conditions of warrants (which may be separate or linked to Shares, bonds,
notes or similar instruments issued by the Company), convertible bonds,
notes or similar instruments, and (iii) determine the place and date of the
issue or successive issues, the issue price, the terms and conditions of the
subscription of and paying up on the new Shares and instruments.

This authorisation is valid for a period ending five (5) years after the date
of the deed of incorporation of the Company. The authorisation may be
renewed, increased or reduced by a resolution of the Shareholder(s) voting
with the quorum and majority rules set for the amendment of the Articles of
Association.

An issue of Shares or instruments granting access to the share capital
under the authorised capital may only be made to (i) Shareholders or (ii)
third parties approved by Shareholders in accordance with article 9.

The Manager(s) may authorise any person to accept on behalf of the
Company subscriptions and receive payment for Shares or instruments
issued under the authorised capital.

Following each increase of the issued share capital in accordance with this
article 6, article 5 will be amended so as to reflect the capital increase. Any
such amendment will be recorded in a notarial deed upon the instructions
of the Manager(s) or of any person duly authorised by the Manager(s) for
this purpose.

Article 7. Increase and Reduction of Capital — Acguisition of own
Shares

 

The share capital and/or authorised capital of the Company may be
increased or reduced by a resolution of the Shareholder(s) adopted in
compliance with the quorum and majority rules set for the amendment of
the Articles of Association.

The Company may acquire Shares.

The Manager(s) may cancel the Shares acquired by the Company. They
shall arrange that the Articles of Association be amended to reflect that
share capital reduction.


The share capital of the Company may be reduced through the cancellation
of Shares including by the cancellation of one entire class of Shares
through the repurchase and cancellation of all the Shares in issue in such
class. In the case of a repurchase and cancellation of a whole class of
Shares, such repurchase and cancellation of a class of Shares shall be
made in the reverse alphabetical order (starting from the Class J Shares
until the Class A Shares).

The redemption price shall be set by reference to the higher of (a) the
nominal value of each redeemed Share and (b) the following formula:
dividing (i) the total amount of any distributable sums less the portion of the
Profit Entitlement (as defined in Article 31) to be allocated to the other
classes of Shares in accordance with Article 31 by (ii) the number of Shares
constituting the class to be redeemed. Redemption of Shares may only be
decided to the extent that sufficient distributable funds are available to
settle the redemption price in full.

Article 8. Shares
Each Share entities to one (1) vote.

The Manager(s) may suspend the voting rights attached to all Shares held
by a Shareholder who is in breach towards the Company of his obligations
as specified in the Articles of Association or under any subscription or
commitment agreement.

A Shareholder may individually undertake not to exercise, permanently or
temporarily, all or part of its voting rights. Such a waiver binds the relevant
Shareholder and the Company as from its notification to the Company.

The rights and obligations attached to all Shares shall be identical except
to the extent othenNise provided by the Articles of Association or by the
Laws.

The co-owners of Shares must be represented towards the Company by
one (1 ) joint representative, whether appointed amongst them or not.

Article 9. Transfer of Shares

When the Company has a single Shareholder, the single Shareholder may
freely transfer any one or more of his Shares.

When the Company has more than one Shareholder, any one or more
Shares may be transferred freely between Shareholders. Shares may only
be transferred to one or more other persons than Shareholders with the
authorisation of Shareholders holding Shares representing three quarters
(3/4) of the Shares in issue.

If a Shareholder wishes to obtain an authorisation from the Shareholders
to transfer Shares to a person who is not a Shareholder, he shall notify the
Company of the intention to transfer such Shares in writing. The written
notice (the “Notice”) shall contain the number of Shares to be transferred
and the identity of the proposed transferee.


The Managers must, within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt of the
Notice by the Company, notify the Shareholders of the receipt of a Notice
and its content and consult the Shareholders for their consent to the
proposed transfer. In case the transfer is not authorised within fifteen (15)
calendar days from the date where the Managers organised the
consultation, the consent will be deemed refused.

If at the end of the aforementioned periods, no consent to the intended
transfer is given, within a period of three (3) months from the date of refusal
or deemed refusal,

(i) the other Shareholders may acquire all (and not only some) of the
Shares or cause all (and not only some) of the Shares of the offeror
Shareholder to be acquired at a price determined in accordance
with this article 9 without prejudice to the right of the offeror
Shareholder to withdraw his intention to transfer his Shares at any
time before completion of the transfer; or

(ii) the Company may, with the consent of the offeror Shareholder,
resolve to reduce its share capital by the amount of the nominal
value of the Shares intended for transfer and redeem these Shares
at the price determined in accordance with this article 9.

Upon request of the Manager(s), the aforementioned three (3) months’
period may be extended by the judge presiding the commercial chamber
of the district court where the Company has its registered office, sitting as
in summary proceedings. An extension may not exceed in aggregate six
(6) months as from the end of the original period of three (3) months.

If none of the options provided for in either paragraph (i) or (ii) above has
been implemented, and the offeror Shareholder has not withdrawn his
intention to transfer, then the offeror Shareholder may transfer the relevant
Shares as initially contemplated in the Notice.

The price for the Shares referred to in this article 9 shall be the fair value
of the Shares on the date of the Notice, determined in good faith by the
Manager(s). In the event of disagreement between the relevant parties as
to the transfer price of these Shares as determined by the Manager(s), this
transfer price shall be determined by thejudge presiding in the commercial
chamber of the district court where the Company has its registered office,
sitting as in summary proceedings.

Any transfer of Shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or by a private
written contract. A transfer is not binding towards the Company or third
parties unless the transfer is duly notified to the Company or accepted by
the Company, in accordance with the provisions of article 1690 of the
Luxembourg Civil Code.

Ownership of a Share carries implicit acceptance of the Articles of
Association and of the resolutions validly adopted by the Shareholders.


A transfer of Shares in breach of provisions of the Articles of Association
shall be null and void.

Article 10. Incapacity, Death, Suspension of Civil Rights, Bankruptcy
or Insolvency of a Shareholder

The incapacity, death, suspension of civil rights, bankruptcy, insolvency,
liquidation, or any other similar event affecting one or more Shareholder(s)
does not put the Company into liquidation.

CHAPTER III. MANAGERS, AUDITORS

Article 11. Managers

The Company shall be managed by one or more managers who need not
be Shareholders themselves.

If two (2) managers are appointed, they shall jointly manage the Company.

If more than two (2) managers are appointed, they shall form a board of
managers (the “Board of Managers”).

The Board of Managers and the managers, either individually orjointly, are
herein referred to as the “Manager(s)”.

Each Manager will be appointed by the Shareholder(s). The Shareholders
shall determine the number of Managers and the duration of their mandate.
Each Manager is eligible for re-appointment and may be removed at any
time, with or without cause, by a resolution of the Shareholder(s).

The Shareholder(s) may resolve to qualify the appointed Managers as
class A Manager (the “Class A Manager”) or class B Manager (the “Class
B Manager”).

Article 12. Powers of the Managers

The Managers are vested with the broadest powers to perform all acts
necessary or useful to accomplish the Company’s object.

All powers not expressly reserved by the Articles of Association or by the
Laws to the Shareholder(s) or to the Auditor(s) (as defined below) shall be
within the competence of the Manager(s).

Article 13. Delegation of Powers - Representation of the Company

The Manager(s) may delegate the daily management of the Company and
the representation of the Company for that daily management to one or
more persons or committees of their choice.

The Manager(s) may also grant other special powers of attorney or entrust
permanent or temporary tasks to one or more persons or committees of
their choice. Such persons or committees shall exercise the tasks
entrusted to them under the supervision of the Managers.

The remuneration and other benefits granted to the person(s) to whom the
daily management has been delegated must be reported annually by the
Manager(s) to the Shareholder(s).


The Company will be bound towards third parties by the individual
signature of the sole Manager or by the joint signatures of any two (2)
Managers if more than one Manager has been appointed.

However, if the Shareholder(s) have qualified the Managers as Class A
Manager(s) or as Class B Manager(s), the Company will only be bound
towards third parties by the joint signatures of one (1) Class A Manager
and one (1) Class B Manager.

The Company will further be bound towards third parties by the joint
signatures or single signature of any person(s) to whom the daily
management of the Company has been delegated, for that daily
management, or by the joint signatures or sole signature of any person(s)
to whom any special power of attorney has been granted, but only within
the limits of that special power of attorney.

Article 14. Meetings of the Board of Managers

In case a Board of Managers is formed, the following rules shall apply:

The Board of Managers may appoint from among its members a
chairperson (the “Chairperson”).

The Board of Managers will meet upon call by the Chairperson or by any
Manager in accordance with the provisions of this article 14.

The Chairperson will preside over all meetings of the Board of Managers,
except that in the absence of the Chairperson, the Board of Managers may
appoint another Manager as chairperson for the relevant meeting by a
majority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at such
meeting.

Except in case of urgency or with the prior consent of all those entitled to
attend, which consent shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting, at
least twenty-four (24) hours’ written notice of meetings of the Board of
Managers shall be given in writing and transmitted by any means of
communication allowing for the transmission of a written text. Any such
notice shall specify the time and the place of the meeting, as well as the
agenda and the nature of the business to be resolved upon. The notice
may be waived by properly documented consent of each Manager which
consent shall be recorded in the minutes of the meeting. No separate
notice is required for meetings held at times and places specified in a time
schedule previously adopted by resolution of the Board of Managers.

The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be held in Luxembourg or at
such other place as the Board of Managers may from time to time
determine.

Any Manager may be represented at any meeting of the Board of
Managers by appointing in writing, transmitted by any means of
communication allowing for the transmission of a written text, another
Manager as his proxy. Any Manager may represent one or more Managers.


The quorum for a valid meeting of the Board of Managers shall be the
presence or the representation of at least half (1/2) of the Managers,
provided that in the event that the Managers have been qualified as Class
A Manager(s) or Class B Manager(s), the quorum shall only be met if at
least one (1) Class A Manager and one (1) Class B Manager are present
or represented.

Resolutions of the Board of Managers in a meeting will be taken by a
majority of the votes of the Managers present or represented at such
meeting. The Chairperson shall have no casting vote in case of a tie.

Managers may participate in a meeting by conference call,
videoconference or any other similar means of communication enabling
thus several persons participating therein to simultaneously communicate
with each other on a continuous basis. A meeting held using such means
of communication is deemed to have taken place at the Company’s
registered office.

A written resolution, signed by all the Managers and transmitted by any
means of communication allowing for the transmission of a written text, is
proper and valid as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board
of Managers which was duly convened and held. Such a resolution may
be documented in a single document or in several separate documents
having the same content and each of them signed by one or several
Managers. Awritten resolution passed in this way is deemed to have been
taken at the Company’s registered office.

Article 15. Resolutions of the Managers

The resolutions of the Manager(s) shall be recorded in writing.

The minutes of any meeting of the Board of Managers will be signed by
the Chairperson or the chairperson of the meeting or by any two (2)
Managers.

Copies or extracts of written resolutions or minutes, to be produced in
judicial proceedings or otherwise, may be signed by the sole Manager or
by any two (2) Managers acting jointly if more than one Manager has been
appointed.

Article 16. Management Fees and Expenses

Subject to approval by the Shareholder(s), Managers may receive a
management fee for their management of the Company and may, in
addition, be reimbursed for all other expenses whatsoever incurred by the
relevant Manager in relation to the management of the Company.

Article 17. Conflicts of Interest

If any Manager has or may have a direct or indirect financial interest in any
transaction which requires the approval of the Manager(s), that Manager
shall disclose that interest to the other Managers and shall not take part of
any deliberation or vote on any such transaction.


Such transaction and such Manager's interest shall be disclosed in a
special report to the Shareholder(s) at the next General Meeting before
any resolution is passed.

In case of a sole Manager, record is kept in writing of the transactions
where the sole Manager has such direct or indirect financial interest.

Where, due to a conflict of interests, the number of Managers required to
be present or represented for a valid quorum is not reached, the Managers
may defer the decision to the Shareholders.

The foregoing paragraphs do not apply if the relevant transaction falls
within the ordinary course of business of the Company and is entered into
at arm’s length under market conditions.

No transaction between the Company and any other party shall be affected
or invalidated by the mere fact that a Manager (or any one of its directors,
managers, officers or employees) is a director, manager, associate,
member, shareholder, officer or employee of that other party. Any person
related as described above to any company or firm with which the
Company shall contract or otherwise engage in business shall not, by
reason of such afﬁliation, be automatically prevented from considering,
voting or acting upon any matters with respect to such contract or other
business.

Article 18. Managers’ Liability

No Manager commits himself, by reason of his functions, to any personal
obligation in relation to liabilities of the Company.

The Company may indemnify any Manager (or any one of its directors,
managers, officers or employees) against damages and expenses
reasonably incurred by him in connection with any action, suit or
proceeding to which he may be made a party by reason of his being or
having been Manager (or director, manager, officer or employee of a
Manager).

Article 19. Confidentiality

Even after cessation of their mandate or function, any Manager, as well as
any person who is invited to attend a meeting of the Board of Managers,
shall not disclose information on the Company, the disclosure of which may
have adverse consequences for the Company, unless such divulgation is
required (i) by a legal or regulatory provision applicable to sociétés à
responsabilité limitée or (ii) for the public benefit.

Article 20. Auditors

The auditing of the Company may be entrusted to one or several auditors
(commissaires) (the “Auditors”).

Auditors must be appointed in case the Company has more than sixty (60)
Shareholders.

10


When so required by the Laws, the auditing of the Company must be
entrusted to one or several approved statutory auditors (réviseurs
d'entreprises agréés) (“Réviseurs”). When a Réviseur is appointed, no
Auditor needs to be appointed.

The Auditors or Réviseurs, if any, will be appointed by the Shareholder(s),
who will determine the number of Auditors or Réviseurs and the duration
of their mandate. Each of them is eligible for re-appointment. Unless
othenNise provided by the Laws, they may be removed at any time, with or
without cause, by a resolution of the Shareholder(s).

CHAPTER IV. SHAREHOLDERS

Article 21. Powers of the Shareholder(s)

The shareholder(s) of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”) shall have
such powers as are vested in them pursuant to the Articles of Association
and the Laws.

Resolutions of the Shareholders are taken in a general meeting of
Shareholders (the “General Meeting”).

Except for the amendments to the Articles of Association, if the Company
has no more than sixty (60) Shareholders, resolutions of the Shareholders
may be passed in writing in accordance with article 27.

Article 22. Annual General Meeting

An annual General Meeting must be held annually once the Company has
more than sixty (60) Shareholders. This General Meeting will be held within
six (6) months of the end of the preceding financial year.

Article 23. Other General Meetings

General Meetings, including the annual General Meeting, will be held at
the registered office of the Company or at such other place in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, and may be held abroad if, in the judgement of the
Manager(s), circumstances of force majeure so require.

Article 24. Notice of General Meetings

The Shareholders shall meet in a General Meeting upon issuance of a
convening notice in accordance with the Articles of Association or the
Laws, by the Manager(s), or by Shareholders representing more than half
(1/2) of the share capital.

The written convening notice will specify the time and the place of the
General Meeting as well as the agenda and the nature of the business to
be resolved upon at the relevant General Meeting. The agenda for a
General Meeting shall also describe any proposed changes to the Articles
of Association and, if applicable, set out the text of those changes affecting
the object or form of the Company.

If all Shareholders are present or represented at a General Meeting, the
General Meeting may be held without prior convening notice if each of the

11


Shareholders states that he has been duly informed of the agenda of the
General Meeting and waives the convening formalities which shall be
recorded in the minutes of that General Meeting.

Article 25. Attendance - Representation

Each Shareholder is entitled to attend and speak at any General Meeting.

A Shareholder may be represented at any General Meeting by another
person (who does not need to be a Shareholder) appointed in writing
(transmitted by any means of communication allowing for the transmission
of a written text) as a proxyholder by the Shareholder. A proxyholder may
represent more than one (1) Shareholder.

One or more Shareholders may participate in a General Meeting by
conference call, videoconference or any other similar means of
communication enabling several persons participating therein to
simultaneously communicate with each other on a continuous basis, but
only to the extent that at least one (1) Shareholder or his proxyholder is
physically present at the registered office of the Company. A General
Meeting held in this way is deemed to have taken place at the Company’s
registered office.

Article 26. Proceedings

Any General Meeting shall be presided over by the Chairperson or, in the
absence of the Chairperson, by a person designated by the Manager(s) or,
in the absence of such designation, by a resolution of the General Meeting.

The chairperson of the General Meeting shall appoint a secretary.

By resolution of the General Meeting one (1) scrutineer shall be appointed
from the persons attending the General Meeting.

The chairperson, the secretary and the scrutineer together form the board
of the relevant General Meeting.

Article 27. Voting at General Meetings

An attendance list indicating the name of each Shareholder and the
number of Shares for which he votes is signed by or on behalf of each
Shareholder present or represented by proxy, prior to the start of the
General Meeting.

Voting takes place by a show of hands or by a roll call, unless a resolution
in that General Meeting is passed to adopt another voting procedure for
that General Meeting or for a specific subject in that General Meeting.

AShareholder who is not present or represented in a General Meeting can
cast his vote in that General Meeting by means of a ballot paper
(formulaire). A ballot paper shall be delivered by any means of
communication allowing for the transmission of a written text.

A ballot paper must contain all of the following:

12


— name and address of the registered office and/or residence of the
relevant Shareholder;

— total number of Shares held by the relevant Shareholder and, if
applicable, total number of Shares of each class held by the
relevant Shareholder in the issued share capital of the Company;

— agenda of the General Meeting;

— confirmation with respect to each of the proposed resolutions, of
the number of Shares for which the relevant Shareholder is

abstaining, voting in favour of or voting against such proposed
resolution; and

— name, title and signature of the duly authorised representative of
the relevant Shareholder and the date of the ballot paper.

A ballot paper must be received by the Company no later than five (5) pm.
(Luxembourg time) on the day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which
banks are generally open for business in Luxembourg immediately
preceding the day of the General Meeting. A ballot paper which does not
contain the details specified in the preceding paragraph or which is
received by the Company after the aforementioned deadline shall be void
and disregarded for quorum purposes.

A ballot paper shall be deemed to have been received by the Company:

(a) when delivered by hand with acknowledgment of receipt, by
registered post or by special courier service using an internationally
recognised courier company: at the time of delivery to the
Company; or

(b) when sent by email, by fax or by mail with acknowledgement of
receipt at the time of receipt indicated in the acknowledgement of
receipt.

Resolutions the adoption of which is not subject to the quorum and the
majority requirements for an amendment of the Articles of Association,
shall be adopted by Shareholders representing more than half (1/2) of the
share capital. If such majority is not reached at the first meeting or
consultation in writing, the Shareholders shall be convened or consulted a
second time and resolutions shall be adopted, irrespective of the number
of Shares represented, by a simple majority of votes cast.

For resolutions the adoption of which is subject to the quorum and majority
requirements for an amendment of the Articles of Association shall be
adopted by a vote in favour of Shareholders holding Shares representing
three quarters (3/4) of the share capital.

Article 28. Minutes and written resolutions

The minutes of a General Meeting shall be signed by the members of the
board of that General Meeting and may be signed by or on behalf of any
Shareholders, who so request.

13


The resolutions adopted by the single Shareholder shall be documented in
writing and signed by the single Shareholder.

Written resolutions may be documented in a single document or in several
separate documents having the same content and each of them signed by
one or several Shareholders. A written vote is cast by returning it to the
Company through any means of communication allowing for the
transmission of a written text within fifteen (15) calendar days after the day
on which the Manager(s) has sent the text of the proposed resolutions to
the Shareholders. Votes cast more than (15) calendar days after the day
on which the Manager(s) has sent the text shall not be valid. The quorum
and majority requirements applicable to the adoption of resolutions by the
General Meeting shall mutatis mutandis apply to the adoption of written
resolutions. Unless otherwise provided for in the text of the resolutions,
resolutions shall be adopted as soon as the applicable quorum and
majority requirements are satisﬁed.

Copies or extracts of any resolutions adopted by the Shareholder(s) as well
as of the minutes of any General Meeting must be signed by the sole
Manager or by any two (2) Managers acting jointly if more than one
Manager has been appointed.

CHAPTER V. FINANCIAL YEARI FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS

Article 29. Financial Year

The Company's financial year begins on the first day of January and ends
on the last day of December of each calendar year.

Article 30. Adoption of Financial Statements

After the end of each financial year, the Manager(s) draw up the annual
financial statements of the Company in accordance with the Laws.

The annual statutory and/or consolidated financial statements are
submitted to the Shareholder(s) for approval.

Each Shareholder or his representative may also peruse the financial
statements of the Company at the registered office of the Company.

Article 31. Distribution of Profits

From the annual net profits of the Company, at least five per cent (5%)
shall each year be allocated to the reserve required by Laws (the “Legal
Reserve”). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required

as soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to ten per cent (10%)
of the amount of the share capital of the Company.

The Shareholder(s) shall resolve how the remainder of the annual net
profits after allocation to the Legal Reserve in accordance with the previous
paragraph, will be disposed of by allocating the whole or part of the
remainder to a reserve or to a provision, by carrying it fonNard to the next

14


following financial year or by distributing it, together with carried forward
profits, distributable reserves or share premium to the Shareholder(s).

In respect of each distribution of dividend, the amount allocated to this
effect shall be distributed in the following order of priority:

each Class A Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of one per cent (1 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share, then;

each Class B Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of two per cent (2 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share, then;

each Class C Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of three per cent (3 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share, then;

each Class D Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of four per cent (4 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share, then;

each Class E Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of five per cent (5 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share;

each Class F Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of six per cent (6 %) per annum of the nominal value of such Share;

each Class G Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of seven per cent (7 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share;

each Class H Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of eight per cent (8 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share;

each Class | Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of nine per cent (9 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share;

each Class J Share (if any) shall entitle to a dividend in an amount
of ten per cent (10 %) per annum of the nominal value of such
Share (together the “Profit Entitlement”); and

any remaining dividend amount after allocation of the Profit
Entitlement shall be allocated in whole to all the Shares forming the
then last outstanding class of Shares in the reverse alphabetical
order (starting from the Class J Shares until the Class A Shares).

Subject to the provisions of the Laws and in compliance with the provisions
in the previous two paragraphs, the Manager(s) may resolve that the
Company pays out an interim dividend to the Shareholders. The

15


Manager(s) shall set the amount and the date of payment of the interim
dividend.

CHAPTER VI. DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

Article 32. Dissolution, Liguidation

The Company may be dissolved by a resolution of the Shareholder(s)
adopted by half of the Shareholders holding Shares representing three
quarters (3/4) of the share capital.

Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried out by the
Manager(s) or such other person(s) (who may be physical persons or legal
entities) appointed by the Shareholder(s). The Shareholders shall also
determine the powers and the compensation (if any) of those other
person(s).

After settlement of all the debts and liabilities of the Company, including
the expenses of liquidation, the net liquidation proceeds shall be distributed
to the Shareholder(s) in compliance with the same preference as set out
for dividend distributions.

In case the Company has only one (1) Shareholder, it may also be
dissolved without liquidation in accordance with article 1865bis of the
Luxembourg Civil Code.

CHAPTER VII. APPLICABLE LAW
Article 33. Applicable Law

All matters not governed by the Articles of Association shall be determined
in accordance with the Laws.”

Subscription and Payment

The Articles of Association of the Company having thus been recorded by

the notary, the Company’s shares have been subscribed and the nominal
value of these shares, as well as a share premium, as the case may be,
has been one hundred per cent (100%) paid in cash as follows:

Shareholders Subscribed capital Number of shares Amount paid-in

ARDIAN EUR 92,860.- 1,114,320 Class A Shares; EUR 92,860.-
lnfrastructure Fund

928,600 Class B Shares;
IV S.C.A., SICAR

928,600 Class C Shares;
928,600 Class D Shares;

928,600 Class E Shares;
928,600 Class F Shares;
928,600 Class G Shares;
928,600 Class H Shares;
928,600 Class | Shares;

 

16


ARDIAN EUR 7,140.- 85,680 Class A Shares; EUR 7,140.-
lnfrastructure Fund

71,400 Class B Shares;
IV S.C.A.‚ SICAR B

71,400 Class C Shares;
71,400 Class D Shares;
71,400 Class E Shares;
71,400 Class F Shares;
71,400 Class G Shares;
71,400 Class H Shares;
71 ‚400 Class I Shares;

57,120 Class J Shares

EUR 100,000.- 1,200,0000 Class A EUR 100,000.-
Shares;

1,000,000 Class B Shares;
1,000,000 Class C Shares;
1,000,000 Class D Shares;
1,000,000 Class E Shares;
1,000,000 Class F Shares;

1,000,000 Class G
Shares;

1,000,000 Class H Shares;
1,000,000 Class I Shares;
800,000 Class J Shares

 

The amount of one hundred thousand euro (EUR 100,000.-) was thus as
from that moment at the disposal of the Company, evidence thereof having
been submitted to the undersigned notary who states that the conditions
provided for in article 710-6 and article 710-7, sub-paragraph 1, paragraph
(1) of the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended,
have been observed.

Expenses

The amount of the costs, expenses, fees and charges, of any kind
whatsoever, which are due from the Company or charged to it as a result

of its incorporation are estimated at approximately one thousand five
hundred euro (EUR 1,500.-).

17


Transitog Provision

The first financial year of the Company will begin on the date of formation
of the Company and will end on the last day of December of 2019 and the
first annual general meeting of shareholders will be held in 2020.

RESOLUTIONS OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
First Resolution

The general meeting of shareholders resolved to establish the registered
office at 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

Second Resolution

The general meeting of shareholders resolved to set at three (3) the
number of Managers and further resolved to appoint the following for an
unlimited duration:

— Ms. Jennifer Ferrand, born on 23 February 1981 in Thionville,
France, with professional address at 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-
2420, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

— Mr. Simon Barnes, born on 2 December 1962 in Liverpool (United
Kingdom), with professional address at 51, boulevard Grande
Duchesse Charlotte, L-1331 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg; and

— Mr. Sylvain Goetz, born on 13 April 1983 in Les Ulis, France, with
professional address at 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420,
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

The undersigned notary, who knows and speaks English, stated that on
request of the appearing person, the present deed has been worded in
English followed by a French version; on request of the same person and
in case of divergences between the English and the French text, the
English text will prevail.

Whereupon the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg by the
undersigned notary, on the day referred to at the beginning of this
document.

The document having been read to the appearing person(s), who is known
to the undersigned notary by his surname, first name, civil status and
residence, such person signed together with the undersigned notary, this
original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANQAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE :
L'an deux mille dix-huit, le vingtieme jour du mois de décembre,

pardevant Maître Edouard Delosch, notaire de résidence a Luxembourg,
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,

ont comparu :

18


ARDIAN Infrastructure Fund IV S.C.A., SICAR, une société
d’investissement en capital à risque sous la forme d’une société en
commandite par actions régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, ayant son siège social au 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et immatriculée au Registre
de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg sous le numéro B 193470,

représentée par Tessy BODEVING, demeurant professionnellement à
Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé,

ARDIAN Infrastructure Fund IV S.C.A.‚ SICAR B, une société
d’investissement en capital à risque sous la forme d’une société en
commandite par actions régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg, ayant son siège social au 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, et immatriculée au Registre
de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg sous le numéro 8193880,

représentée par Tessy BODEVING, demeurant professionnellement à
Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration donnée sous seing privé.

Les procurations, signées par le mandataire et le notaire soussigné,
resteront annexées au présent acte aux fins d’enregistrement.

Les statuts qui suivent ont ainsi été rédigés :
« CHAPITRE I. FORME, DÉNOMINATION, SIÈGE, OBJET, DURÉE
Article 1. Forme, Dénomination

Une société à responsabilité limitée (la « Société ») régie par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en particulier la loi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (les « Lois »),
et par ces statuts (les « Statuts ») est formée par les présentes.

La Société peut comporter un (1) Associé (tel que défini ci-dessous)
unique, propriétaire de la totalité des Parts Sociales (telles que définies ci-
dessous), ou plusieurs Associés, mais pas plus de cent (100) Associés.

La Société adopte la dénomination « Skip Wind SARL ».
Article 2. Siège Social

Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la ville de Luxembourg.

Le siège social peut être transféré à tout autre endroit du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg par une résolution des Gérants (tels que définis ci-dessous).
Les Gérants veilleront à ce que les Statuts soient modifiés de manière à
refléter un tel transfert.

Des succursales ou d’autres bureaux peuvent étre établis soit au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg ou à l’étranger par une résolution des Gérants.

Dans l’hypothèse où les Gérants estiment que des événements
extraordinaires d’ordre politique, économique ou social sont de nature à
compromettre l’activité normale de la Société à son siège social ou la
communication aisée avec ce siège ou entre ce siège et l’étranger ou que

19


de tels événements se sont produits ou sont imminents, la Société pourra
transférer provisoirement le siège social a l’étranger jusqu’a cessation
complète de ces circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires
n’auront aucun effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant
ce transfert provisoire du siège, demeurera régie par les Lois. Ces
mesures provisoires seront prises et portées à la connaissance de tout
intéressé par les Gérants.

Article 3. Obiet

La Société a pour objet l’acquisition, la détention et la cession de
participations dans toute société et entreprise luxembourgeoise et/ou
étrangère, ainsi que l’administration, la gestion et la mise en valeur de ces
participations.

La Société peut fournir des prêts et financements sous quelque forme que
ce soit ou consentir des garanties ou sûretés sous quelque forme que ce
soit, au profit de sociétés et d’entreprises faisant partie du groupe de
sociétés dont la Société fait partie.

La Société peut également investir dans l’immobilier, les droits de propriété
intellectuelle ou tout autre actif mobilier ou immobilier sous quelque forme
que ce soit.

La Société peut emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit et procéder à
l’émission d’obligations, de billets à ordre ou tout autre instrument de
dettes ainsi que des bons de souscription ou tout autre droit de
souscription de parts sociales.

D’une façon générale, la Société peut effectuer toute opération
commerciale, industrielle ou financière qu’elle estime utile à
l’accomplissement et au développement de son objet.

Article 4. Durée
La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

CHAPITRE II. CAPITAL, PARTS SOCIALES

Article 5. Capital Social

Le capital social de la Société est fixé à cent mille euros (EUR 100.000,-)
divisé en dix millions (10.000.000) de parts sociales ayant une valeur
nominale d‘un centime d’euro (EUR 0,01 ) chacune (toute part sociale dans
la Société, une « Part Sociale »), divisées en un million deux cent mille
(1.200.000) parts sociales de catégorie A (les « Parts Sociales de
Catégorie A »), un million (1.000.000) de parts sociales de catégorie B
(les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie B »), un million (1 000000) de parts
sociales de catégorie C (les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie C »), un
million (1 000000) de parts sociales de catégorie D (les « Parts Sociales
de Catégorie D »), un million (1 000000) de parts sociales de catégorie E
(les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie E »), un million (1.000.000) de parts
sociales de catégorie F (les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie F »), un million
(1.000.000) de parts sociales de catégorie G (les « Parts Sociales de

20


Catégorie G »), un million (1.000.000) de parts sociales de catégorie H
(les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie H »), un million (1.000.000) de parts
sociales de catégorie l (les « Parts Sociales de Catégorie I »), et huit cent
mille (800.000) parts sociales de catégorie J (les « Parts Sociales de
Catégorie J »), toutes étant entièrement libérés.

Les droits et obligations inhérents aux parts sociales sont identiques sauf
stipulation contraire des Statuts ou des Lois.

En plus du capital social, un compte prime d'émission peut être établi sur
lequel seront transférées toutes les primes d’émission payées sur les Parts
Sociales en plus de la valeur nominale. Le compte prime d’émission
constitue une réserve distribuable et peut être utilisé notamment pour
régler le prix des Parts Sociales que la Société a rachetées a ses Associés,
pour compenser toute perte nette réalisée, pour procéder à des
distributions aux Associés ou pour affecter des fonds a la réserve légale.

Les comptes prime d’émission peuvent être créés pour enregistrer les
apports contribués a la Société par les Associés existants sans émission
de Parts Sociales. Les comptes prime d’émission constituent une réserve
distribuable et peuvent être utilisés notamment pour payer les Parts
Sociales que la Société pourrait racheter de ses Associés, pour compenser
les pertes nettes réalisées, pour procéder à des distributions aux Associés
ou pour affecter des fonds a la réserve légale.

Article 6. Capital Autorisé

Le capital autorisé de la Société (y compris le capital social émis) est fixé
à cent millions d'euros (EUR 100.000.000,-) divisé en un milliard
(1.000.000.000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie A, un milliard
(1 000000000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie B, un milliard
(1 000000000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie C, un milliard
(1 .000.000.000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie D, un milliard
(1 000000000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie E, un milliard
(1 000000000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie F, un milliard
(1 000000000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie G, un milliard
(1 .000.000.000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie H, un milliard
(1.000.000.000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie I et un milliard
(1.000.000.000) de Parts Sociales de Catégorie J, ayant une valeur
nominale d’un centime d’euro (EUR 0,01) chacune.

Les Gérants sont autorisés, dans les limites du capital autorisé à (i)
augmenter le capital social émis en une ou plusieurs fois, avec ou sans
prime d’émission, contre des apports en numéraire ou en nature, par
conversion de créances de la Société ou de toute autre manière, (ii)
émettre des droits de souscription et/ou aux droits de conversion se
rapportant à de nouvelles parts sociales dans les limites du capital autorisé
conformément aux termes et conditions des bons de souscription (qui
peuvent être séparés ou liés aux Parts Sociales, obligations, billets à ordre
ou instruments similaires émis par la Société), d’obligations convertibles,
de billets à ordre ou instruments similaires et, (iii) ﬁxer le lieu et la date de

21


l’émission ou des émissions successives, le prix d’émission, les conditions
de la souscription et de la libération des Parts Sociales nouvelles et de ces
instruments.

Cette autorisation est valable pendant une période se terminant cinq (5)
ans après l’acte de constitution de la Société. L’autorisation peut être
renouvelée, augmentée ou réduite par une résolution des Associés
délibérant aux conditions de quorum et de majorité exigées pour la
modiﬁcation des Statuts.

Une émission de Parts Sociales ou d’instruments donnant accès au capital
social dans le cadre du capital autorisé ne peut être faite qu’aux (i)
Associés ou (ii) personnes tierces agrées par les Associés détenant des
Parts Sociales conformément à l’article 9.

Les Gérants peuvent autoriser toute personne d’accepter, au nom de la
Société, des souscriptions et de recevoir paiement pour des Parts Sociales
ou instruments émis dans le cadre du capital autorisé.

Ala suite de chaque augmentation du capital social émis conformément à
cet article 6, l’article 5 sera modifié afin de reﬂéter l’augmentation du
capital. Une telle modification sera constatée sous forme authentique par
les Gérants ou par toute personne dûment autorisée et mandatée a cet
effet par les Gérants.

Article 7. Augmentation et Réduction du Capital Social — Acguisition
de Parts Sociales

Le capital social et/ou le capital autorisé de la Société peut être augmenté
ou réduit par une résolution des Associés adoptée aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité exigées pour toute modification des Statuts.

La Société peut acquérir des Parts Sociales.

Les Gérants peuvent annuler les Parts Sociales acquises par la Société.
lls veilleront à ce que les Statuts soient modifiés de manière à refléter la
réduction du capital social.

Le capital social de la Société peut être réduit par l'annulation de Parts
Sociales, y compris par l'annulation de toute une catégorie entière de Parts
Sociales par le rachat et l'annulation de toutes les Parts Sociales émises
dans cette catégorie. Dans le cas d'un rachat et l'annulation d'une
catégorie entière de Parts Sociales, ce rachat et cette annulation de cette
catégorie de Parts Sociales doit être faite dans l'ordre alphabétique inversé
(a commencer par les Parts Sociales de Catégorie J jusqu'aux Parts
Sociales de Catégorie A).

Le prix de rachat est fixé par référence a la valeur plus élevée entre (a) la
valeur nominale de chaque Part Sociale rachetée et (b) la formule suivante
: diviser (i) le montant total des sommes distribuables moins la portion du
Droit aux Bénéfices (tel que défini à l'article 31) qui doit être alloué aux
autres catégories de Parts Sociales conformément à l'article 31 par (ii) le
nombre des Parts Sociales constituant la catégorie à racheter. Le rachat

22


des Parts Sociales ne peut étre décidé que dans la mesure où des fonds
distribuables sont disponibles pour régler le prix de rachat en entier.

Article 8. Parts Sociales
Chaque Part Sociale donne droit a une (1) voix.

Les Gérants peuvent suspendre les droits de vote attachés à toutes les
Parts Sociales détenues par un Associé qui est en violation des obligations
lui incombant envers la Société en vertu des Statuts ou en vertu de toute
convention de souscription ou d’engagement.

Un Associé peut individuellement décider de ne pas exercer, de manière
temporaire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote. Une telle
renonciation lie l’Associé concerné et la Société a compter de sa
notification à la Société.

Les droits et obligations inhérents à toutes les Parts Sociales sont
identiques, sauf stipulation contraire des Statuts ou des Lois.

Les copropriétaires de Parts Sociales sont tenus de se faire représenter
auprès de la Société par un (1) représentant commun désigné ou non
parmi eux.

Article 9. Cession de Parts Sociales

Lorsque la Société ne compte qu’un seul Associé, celui-ci peut librement
céder ses Parts Sociales.

Lorsque la Société compte plus d’un Associé, une ou plusieurs Parts
Sociales sont librement cessibles entre les Associés. Les Parts Sociales
ne peuvent être cédées à une ou plusieurs personnes autres que des
Associés qu’avec l’autorisation des Associés détenant des Parts Sociales
représentant au moins trois quarts (3/4) des Parts Sociales en circulation.

Si un Associé désire obtenir l’autorisation des Associés de céder des Parts
Sociales a une personne qui n’est pas un Associé, il notifie la société de
l’intention de céder de telles Parts Sociales par écrit. La notification écrite
(la « Notification ») devra indiquer le nombre de Parts Sociales à céder
et l’identité du cessionnaire proposé.

Les Gérants doivent, endéans quinze (15) jours calendaires a compter de
la réception de la Notification par la Société, notifier les Associés de la
réception de la Notification ainsi que de son contenu et consulter les
Associés a propos de leur consentement à la cession proposée. Dans le
cas où la cession n’est pas autorisée endéans quinze (15) jours
calendaires a compter de de la date a laquelle les Gérants ont organisé la
consultation, le consentement sera présumé refusé.

Si à l’expiration des délais susmentionnés, le consentement à la cession
envisagée n’est pas donné, dans le délai de trois (3) mois a compter de la
date de ce refus ou du refus présumé,

(i) les autres Associés peuvent acquérir toutes (et non pas seulement
certaines) les Parts Sociales ou faire acquérir toutes (et non pas

23


seulement certaines) les Parts Sociales de l’Associé cédant au prix
déterminé conformément a cet article 9, sans préjudice du droit de
l’Associé cédant de renoncer à céder ses Parts Sociales a tout
moment avant l’achèvement du transfert ; ou

(ii) la Société peut, avec le consentement de l’Associé cédant, décider
de réduire son capital social du montant de la valeur nominale des
Parts Sociales destinées à la cession et racheter ces Parts
Sociales au prix déterminé conformément à cet article 9.

Sur requète des Gérants, le délai susmentionné de trois (3) mois peut être
prolongé par le magistrat présidant la chambre du tribunal
d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale et comme en matière
de référé, du lieu du siège social de la Société. La prolongation ne peut
excéder au total six (6) mois a compter de la fin du délai initial de trois (3)
mois.

Si aucune des solutions prévues dans les paragraphes (i) et (ii) n’a été
mise en œuvre, et que l’Associé cédant n’a pas renoncé à son projet de
cession, l’Associé cédant peut alors céder les Parts Sociales en question
tel qu’initialement envisagé dans la Notification.

Le prix des Parts Sociales auquel on réfère dans cet article 9 sera la juste
valeur des Parts Sociales a la date de la Notification, déterminée de bonne
foi par les Gérants. En cas de désaccord entre les parties prenantes
concernant le prix de cession de ces Parts Sociales tel que déterminé par
les Gérants, ce prix de cession sera déterminé par le magistrat présidant
la chambre du tribunal d’arrondissement siégeant en matière commerciale
et comme en matière de référé, du lieu du siège social de la Société.

Chaque cession de Parts Sociales doit être constatée par acte notarié ou
par acte sous seing privé. Une cession n’est opposable à la Société ou aux
tiers qu’après avoir été dûment notifiée à la Société ou acceptée par elle
conformément à l’article 1690 du code civil luxembourgeois.

La propriété d’une Part Sociale emporte de plein droit acceptation des
Statuts et des résolutions valablement adoptées par les Associés.

Une cession de Parts Sociales en violation des dispositions des Statuts
sera nulle.

Article 10. lncapacité, Décès, Suspension des Droits Civils, Faillite ou
lnsolvabilité d’un Associé

L’incapacité, le décès, la suspension des droits civils, la faillite,
l’insolvabilité, la liquidation ou tout autre événement similaire affectant un
ou plusieurs Associés n’entraîne pas la mise en liquidation de la Société.

CHAPITRE Ill. GÉRANTSl COMMISSAIRES
Article 11. Gérants

La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants qui n’ont pas besoin
d’être Associés .

24


Si deux (2) gérants sont nommés, ils géreront conjointement la Société.

Si plus de deux (2) gérants sont nommés, ils formeront un collège de
gérance (le « Conseil de Gérance »).

Le Conseil de Gérance et les gérants, individuellement ou conjointement,
sont désignés ci-après comme les « Gérants ».

Chaque Gérant sera nommé par les Associés. Les Associés détermineront
le nombre de Gérants et la durée de leur mandat. Chaque Gérant peut être
renommé et peut être révoqué a tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une
résolution des Associés.

Les Associés pourront décider de qualiﬁer les gérants nommés de Gérant
de catégorie A (le « Gérant de Catégorie A ») ou Gérant de catégorie B
(le « Gérant de Catégorie B »).

Article 12. Pouvoirs des Gérants

Les Gérants sont investis des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour accomplir
tous les actes nécessaires ou utiles à la réalisation de l’objet social de la
Société.

Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément réservés par les Statuts

ou par les Lois aux Associés ou aux Commissaire(s) (tel(s) que déﬁni(s)
ci-dessous) relèvent de la compétence du ou des Gérant(s).

Article 13. Délégation de Pouvoirs - Représentation de la Société

Les Gérants peuvent déléguer la gestion journalière de la Société ainsi
que la représentation dela Société en ce qui concerne cette gestion, a une
ou plusieurs personnes ou comités de leur choix.

Les Gérants peuvent aussi émettre d’autres mandats spéciaux, ou confier
des tâches permanentes ou temporaires a une ou plusieurs personnes ou
comités de leur choix. De tels personnes ou comités exerceront les taches
qui leurs sont confiées sous la supervision des Gérants.

La rémunération et les autres avantages accordés aux personnes
auxquelles la gestion journalière de la Société a été confiée devront être
rapportés annuellement par les Gérants aux Associés.

La Société sera engagée vis-à-vis des tiers parla signature individuelle du
Gérant unique ou par la signature conjointe de deux (2) Gérants si plus
d’un Gérant a été nommé.

Toutefois, si les Associés ont qualifié les Gérants de Gérant(s) de
Catégorie A ou Gérant(s) de Catégorie B, la Société ne sera engagée vis-
a-vis des tiers que parla signature conjointe d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie
A et d’un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B.

La Société sera également engagée vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature
conjointe ou par la signature individuelle de toute(s) personne(s) a qui la
gestion journalière de la Société a été déléguée, pour cette gestion
journalière, ou parla signature conjointe ou parla signature individuelle de

25


toute(s) personne(s) à qui un mandat spécial aura été émis, mais
seulement dans les limites de ce mandat spécial.

Article 14. Réunions du Conseil de Gérance

Dans l’hypothèse où un Conseil de Gérance est formé, les règles suivantes
s’appliqueront :

Le Conseil de Gérance peut nommer parmi ses membres un président (le
« Président »).

Le Conseil de Gérance se réunira sur convocation du Président ou de tout
Gérant conformément aux dispositions de cet article 14.

Le Président présidera toutes les réunions du Conseil de Gérance, mais
en son absence, le Conseil de Gérance désignera un autre Gérant comme
président pour la réunion en question par un vote à la majorité des Gérants
présents ou représentés à cette réunion.

Sauf en cas d’urgence ou avec l’accord préalable de tous ceux qui ont le
droit d’y assister, dont il sera fait mention dans le procès verbal de la
réunion, une convocation écrite devra être transmise, vingt-quatre (24)
heures au moins avant la date prévue pour la réunion du Conseil de
Gérance, par tout moyen de communication permettant la transmission
d’un texte écrit. La convocation indiquera la date, l’heure et le lieu de la
réunion ainsi que l’ordre du jour et la nature des affaires à traiter. Il pourra
être renoncé à cette convocation par un accord correctement consigné de
chaque Gérant, dont il sera fait mention dans le procès verbal de la
réunion. Aucune convocation spéciale ne sera requise pour les réunions
se tenant à des dates et des lieux déterminés préalablement par une
résolution adoptée par le Conseil de Gérance.

Les réunions du Conseil de Gérance se tiendront à Luxembourg ou à tout
autre endroit que le Conseil de Gérance pourra déterminer de temps à
autre.

Tout Gérant pourra se faire représenter aux réunions du Conseil de
Gérance en désignant par un écrit, transmis par tout moyen de
communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit, un autre Gérant
comme son mandataire. Tout Gérant pourra représenter un ou plusieurs
Gérants.

Le Conseil de Gérance ne pourra délibérer que si au moins la moitié (1/2)
des Gérants en fonction est présente ou représentée, sous réserve que
dans l’hypothèse où des Gérants de Catégorie A ou des Gérants de
Catégorie B ont été désignés, le quorum ne sera atteint que si au moins
un (1) Gérant de Catégorie Aet un (1) Gérant de Catégorie B sont présents
ou représentés.

Les résolutions du Conseil de Gérance sont prises à la majorité des voix
des Gérants présents ou représentés à cette réunion. Le Président n’aura
pas de vote prépondérant en cas d’égalité des votes.

26


Les Gérants peuvent prendre part a une réunion par conférence
téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen de communication
similaire permettant ainsi a plusieurs personnes y participant de
communiquer simultanément les unes avec les autres sur une base
continue. Une réunion tenue en utilisant de tels moyens de communication
sera réputée être tenue au siège social de la Société.

Une résolution écrite, signée par tous les Gérants, transmise par tout
moyen de communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit, est
régulière et valable de la même manière que si elle avait été adoptée à
une réunion du Conseil de Gérance dûment convoquée et tenue. Une telle
résolution pourra être consignée dans un seul ou plusieurs écrits séparés
ayant le même contenu et signés par un ou plusieurs Gérants. Une
résolution écrite adoptée d’une telle manière est réputée avoir été adoptée
au siège social de la Société.

Article 15. Résolutions des Gérants
Les résolutions des Gérants doivent être consignées par écrit.

Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil de Gérance seront signés
par le Président ou le président de la réunion ou par deux (2) Gérants.

Les copies ou les extraits des résolutions écrites ou les procès-verbaux,
destinés à être produits en justice ou ailleurs, pourront être signés par le
Gérant unique ou par deux Gérants agissant conjointement si plus d’un
Gérant a été nommé.

Article 16. Rémunération et Dépenses

Sous réserve de l’approbation des Associés, les Gérants peuvent recevoir
une rémunération pour leur gestion de la Société et peuvent, de plus, être
remboursés de toutes les dépenses que le Gérant concerné aurait
exposées en relation avec la gestion de la Société.

Article 17. Conflits d’Intérêt

Si un Gérant a ou pourrait avoir, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale direct ou
indirect dans une opération qui requière l’approbation des Gérants, ce
Gérant devra en aviser les autres Gérants et il ne pourra ni prendre part
aux délibérations ni émettre un vote sur une telle opération.

Une telle opération et un tel intérêt de Gérant seront divulgués dans un
rapport spécial aux Associés a la première Assemblée Générale avant que
toute autre résolution ne soit adoptée.

Dans l’hypothèse d’un Gérant unique, il est fait mention dans un procès-
verbal des opérations dans lesquelles le Gérant unique a un tel intérêt de
nature patrimoniale direct ou indirect.

Lorsque, en raison d’une opposition d’intérêts, le nombre de Gérants
présents ou représentés requis pour un quorum valable n’est pas atteint,
les Gérants peuvent déférer la résolution aux Associés.

27


Les dispositions des alinéas qui précèdent ne sont pas applicables lorsque
l’opération en question tombe dans le cadre des opérations courantes de
la Société et est conclue dans les conditions habituelles du marché.

Aucune opération entre la Société et toute autre partie ne sera affectée ou
invalidée parle simple fait qu'un Gérant (ou l’un de ses directeurs, gérants,
fondés de pouvoir ou employés) est directeur, gérant, collaborateur,
membre, associé, fondé de pouvoir ou employé de cette autre partie. Toute
personne liée tel que décrit ci-dessus a toute société ou firme avec laquelle
la Société contractera ou entrera autrement en relations d'affaires ne devra
pas, en raison de cette affiliation, être automatiquement empêchée de
délibérer, de voter ou d'agir autrement sur une opération relative à de tels
contrats ou transactions.

Article 18. Responsabilité des Gérants

Les Gérants n'engagent pas leur responsabilité personnelle, dans
l'exercice de leurs fonctions, en raison des engagements de la Société.

La Société peut indemniser tout Gérant (ou l’un de ses directeurs, gérants,
fondés de pouvoir ou employés), pour tous dommages qu’il a a payer et
tous frais raisonnables encourus par suite de sa comparution en tant que
défendeur dans des actions en justice, des procès ou des poursuites
judiciaires intentés en raison de sa fonction actuelle ou ancienne de Gérant
(ou de directeur, gérant, fondé de pouvoir ou employé d’un Gérant).

Article 19. Confidentialité

Méme après la cessation de leur mandat ou fonction, tout Gérant, de
même que toute personne invitée à participer a une réunion des Gérants,
ne devra pas dévoiler des informations sur la Société dont la divulgation
pourrait avoir des conséquences défavorables pour celle-ci, a moins que
cette révélation ne soit exigée par (i) une disposition légale ou
réglementaire applicable aux sociétés à responsabilité limitée ou (ii)
l’intérêt du public.

Article 20. Commissaires- Réviseurs d’entreprises agréés

La vérification des comptes de la Société peut être confiée à un ou
plusieurs commissaires (les « Commissaires »).

Des Commissaires doivent être nommés si la Société compte plus de
soixante (60) Associés.

Dans les cas prévus par les Lois, la vérification des comptes de la Société
doit être confiée à un ou plusieurs réviseurs d’entreprises agréés
(« Réviseur »). Si un Réviseur est nommé, il n’est pas nécessaire qu’un
Commissaire soit nommé.

Le Commissaire ou Réviseur seront, le cas échéant, nommés par les
Associés qui détermineront le nombre de Commissaires ou de Réviseurs
et la durée de leur mandat. Le mandat de chacun d’entre eux peut être
renouvelé. Sauf disposition contraire des Lois, ils peuvent être révoqués a
tout moment, avec ou sans motif, par une résolution des Associés.

28


CHAPITRE IV. DES ASSOCIÉS
Article 21. Pouvoirs des Associés

Les associés de la Société (les « Associés ») exercent les pouvoirs qui
leurs sont dévolus par les Statuts et les Lois.

Les résolutions des Associés sont adoptées lors d’une assemblée
générale des Associés (l’« Assemblée Générale »).

Sauf en ce qui concerne les modifications aux Statuts, si la Société n’a pas
plus de soixante (60) Associés, les résolutions des Associés peuvent étre
adoptées par écrit conformément à l’article 27.

Article 22. Assemblée Générale Annuelle

Une Assemblée Générale annuelle doit être tenue annuellement une fois
que la Société a plus de soixante (60) Associés. Cette Assemblée
Générale sera tenue endéans six (6) mois de la fin de l’exercice social
précédent.

Article 23. Autres Assemblées Générales

Les Assemblées Générales, y compris l’Assemblée Générale annuelle, se
tiendront au siège social de la Société ou a tout autre endroit au Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, et pourront se tenir à l’étranger, chaque fois que
des circonstances de force majeure, appréciées souverainement par les
Gérants, le requièrent.

Article 24. Convocation des Assemblées Générales

Les Associés se réuniront en Assemblée Générale, conformément aux
conditions fixées par les Statuts ou les Lois, sur convocation des Gérants,
ou des Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital social émis.

La convocation écrite indiquera la date, l’heure et le lieu de l’Assemblée
Générale ainsi que l’ordre du jour et la nature des affaires à traiter lors de
l’Assemblée Générale. L’ordre du jour d’une Assemblée Générale doit
également indiquer toutes les modiﬁcations proposées des Statuts et, le
cas échéant, le texte des modifications relatives à l’objet social ou a la
forme de la Société.

Si tous les Associés sont présents ou représentés à une Assemblée
Générale, l’Assemblée Générale peut être tenue sans convocation
préalable si chacun des Associés déclare avoir été dûment informé de
l’ordre du jour de l’Assemblée Générale et qu’il renonce aux formalités de
convocation, ce dont il sera fait mention dans le procès-verbal de
l’Assemblée Générale.

Article 25. Présence - Représentation

Chaque Associé est en droit de participer et de prendre la parole a toute
Assemblée Générale.

Un Associé peut être représenté à toute Assemblée Générale par une
autre personne (qui n’ a pas besoin d’être elle-même Associé) désignée

29


par écrit (transmis par tout moyen de communication permettant la
transmission d’un texte écrit), en tant que mandataire par un Associé. Un
mandataire peut représenter plus d’un (1) Associé.

Un ou plusieurs Associés peuvent participer a une Assemblée Générale
par conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou tout autre moyen
similaire de communication permettant à plusieurs personnes y participant
de communiquer de manière simultanée l’une avec l’autre sur de façon
continue, mais uniquement si au moins un (1)Associé ou son mandataire
est physiquement présent au siège social de la Société. Une Assemblée
Générale tenue de cette manière est réputée avoir été tenue au siège
social de la Société.

Article 26. Procédure

Toute Assemblée Générale est présidée par le Président ou, en l’absence
du Président, par une personne désignée par les Gérants, ou, faute d’une
telle désignation, par une personne désignée par une résolution de cette
Assemblée Générale.

Le président de l’Assemblée Générale désigne un secrétaire.

Par résolution de l’Assemblée Générale, un (1) scrutateur sera désigné
parmi les personnes participant à l’Assemblée Générale.

Le président, le secrétaire et le scrutateur forment ensemble le bureau de
l’Assemblée Générale en question.

Article 27. Vote aux Assemblées Générales

Une liste de présence indiquant le nom de chaque Associé et le nombre
de Parts Sociales pour lesquelles il vote est signée par chacun d’entre eux
ou par leur mandataire avant l’ouverture des débats de l’Assemblée
Générale.

Le vote se fait a main levée ou par un appel nominal sauf si l’Assemblée
Générale décide par une résolution d’adopter une autre procédure de vote
pour cette Assemblée Générale ou pour un sujet spécifique de cette
Assemblée Générale.

Un Associé qui n’est pas présent ou représenté à une Assemblée Générale
peut voter à cette Assemblée Générale au moyen d’un formulaire. Un
formulaire sera délivré par tout moyen de communication permettant la
transmission d’un texte écrit.

Un formulaire doit contenir les informations suivantes :
— nom et siège social et/ou résidence de l’Associé concerné ;

— nombre total des Parts Sociales détenues par l’Associé concerné
dans le capital social émis de la Société et, si nécessaire, le
nombre de Parts Sociales de chaque catégorie détenu par
l’Associé concerné ;

— l’ordre du jour de l’Assemblée Générale ;

30


— indication par l’Associé concerné, pour chacune des résolutions
proposées, du nombre de Parts Sociales pour lesquelles l’Associé
concerné s’abstient, vote en faveur ou vote contre la résolution
proposée; et

— nom, titre et signature du représentant dûment autorisé de
l’Associé concerné et la date du formulaire.

Tout formulaire devra etre reçu par la Société au plus tard a dix-sept (17)
heures (heure de Luxembourg) le jour ouvrable a Luxembourg précédant
immédiatement le jour de l’Assemblée Générale. Tout formulaire qui ne
contient pas les informations spécifiés dans le paragraphe précédent ou
qui est reçu parla Société après la date limite susmentionnée ne sera pas
pris en compte pour le calcul du quorum.

Un formulaire sera considéré comme ayant été reçu parla Société :

(a) s’il a été remis en main propre contre décharge, par courrier
recommandé ou par service d’envois spéciaux utilisant une société
postale internationalement reconnue : a l’heure de la remise ; ou

(b) s’il a été délivré par e-mail, fax ou par courrier recommandé à
l’heure indiquée dans l’accusé de réception.

Les résolutions dont l’adoption n’est pas soumise aux conditions de
quorum et de majorité exigées pour toute modification des Statuts, seront
adoptées par les Associés représentant plus de la moitié (1/2) du capital
social. Si cette majorité n’est pas atteinte sur première convocation ou
consultation par écrit, les associés seront de nouveau convoqués ou
consultés et les résolutions seront adoptées à la majorité simple,
indépendamment du nombre de Parts Sociales représentées.

Pour les résolutions dont l’adoption est soumise aux conditions de quorum
et de majorité exigées pour toute modification des Statuts, seront adoptées
par un vote favorable des Associés détenant des Parts Sociales
représentant trois quarts (3/4) du capital social.

Article 28. Procès—Verbaux et résolutions écrites

Les procès-verbaux d’une Assemblée Générale doivent être signés par les
membres du bureau de l’Assemblée Générale et peuvent être signés par
tous les Associés ou mandataires d’Associés qui en font la demande.

Les résolutions adoptées par l’Associé unique seront établies par écrit et
signées par l’Associé unique.

Les résolutions écrites peuvent être constatées dans un seul ou plusieurs
documents ayant le même contenu, signés par un ou plusieurs Associés.
Un vote est exprimé par écrit en le retournant a la Société par tout moyen
de communication permettant la transmission d’un texte écrit endéans
quinze (15) jours calendaires après le jour où les Gérants ont envoyé le
texte de la résolution proposée aux Associés. Les votes exprimés plus de
quinze (15) jours calendaires après le jour où les Gérants ont envoyé le

31


texte ne sont pas valides. Les exigences de quorum et de majorité
imposées pour l’adoption de résolutions par l’Assemblée Générale
s’appliquent mutatis mutandis à l’adoption de résolution écrites. Sauf
disposition contraire dans le texte des résolutions, les résolutions seront
adoptées dès que les conditions de quorum et de majorités requises sont
atteintes.

Les copies ou extraits de toutes les résolutions adoptées par les Associés,
ainsi que les procès-verbaux de toute Assemblée Générale sont signés
par le Gérant unique ou par deux (2) Gérants au moins agissant
conjointement dès lors que plus d’un Gérant aura été nommé.

CHAPITRE v. EXERCICE SOCIAL, COMPTES ANNUELS,
DISTRIBUTION DES BÉNÉFICES

Article 29. Exercice Social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour de janvier de
chaque année et s’achève le dernierjour de décembre de chaque année.

Article 30. Approbation des Comptes Annuels

Ala clôture de chaque exercice social, les Gérants préparent les comptes
annuels conformément aux Lois.

Les comptes annuels et/ou les comptes consolidés sont soumis aux
Associés pour approbation.

Chaque Associé ou son représentant peut consulter les comptes annuels
de la Société au siège social de la Société.

Article 31. Distribution des Bénéfices

Sur les bénéfices nets de la Société, il sera prélevé au moins cinq pour
cent (5%) qui seront affectés, chaque année, a la réserve légale (la
« Réserve Légale »), conformément à aux Lois. Cette affectation à la
Réserve Légale cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque et aussi longtemps que
la Réserve Légale atteindra dix pour cent (10%) du montant du capital
social de la Société.

Les Associés décideront de l'affectation du solde des bénéﬁces annuels
nets après affectation à la Réserve Légale conformément au paragraphe
précédent. Ils peuvent décider de verser la totalité ou une partie du solde
a un compte de réserve ou de provision, en le reportant a nouveau ou en
le distribuant avec les bénéfices reportés, les réserves distribuables ou les
primes d’émission, aux Associés.

Dans le cas d’une déclaration de dividende, ce dividende sera alloué et
distribué de la manière suivante :

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie A (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant d’un pour cent (1%) de la valeur nominale
de cette part sociale;

32


— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie B (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de deux pour cent (2%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie C (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de trois pour cent (3%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie D (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de quatre pour cent (4%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie E (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de cinq pour cent (5%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie F (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de six pour cent (6%) de la valeur nominale
de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie G (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de sept pour cent (7%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie H (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de huit pour cent (8%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie | (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de neuf pour cent (9%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale ;

— chaque Part Sociale de Catégorie J (s’il y en a) donne droit a un
dividende d'un montant de dix pour cent (10%) de la valeur
nominale de cette part sociale (ensemble le « Droit au
Bénéfices »); et

— tout montant résiduel de dividende après affectation du Droit aux
Bénéfices sera affecté en totalité à toutes les parts sociales
formant la dernière catégorie de parts sociales en circulation dans
l’ordre alphabétique inversé (en commençant par les Parts
Sociales de Catégorie J jusqu’aux Parts Sociales de Catégorie A).

Sous réserve des dispositions fixées par les Lois et conformément aux
dispositions des deux paragraphes qui précèdent, les Gérants peuvent
décider du versement par la Société d'un acompte sur dividendes aux
Associés. Les Gérants détermineront le montant ainsi que la date de
paiement de l’acompte sur dividendes.

33


CHAPITRE VI. DISSOLUTION LIQUIDATION

 

Article 32. Dissolution, Liguidation

La Société peut étre dissoute par une résolution prise par la moitié des
Associés possédant des Parts Sociales représentant trois quarts (3/4) du
capital social.

En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera réalisée par les
Gérants ou par toute autre personne (qui peut être une personne physique
ou une personne morale) nommée par les Associés. Les Associés
détermineront également leurs pouvoirs et leurs émoluments (s’il y en a).

Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, et de tous
les frais de liquidation, le boni net de liquidation sera réparti équitablement
entre le(s) Associé(s) de manière à atteindre le même résultat économique
que celui fixé par les règles relatives à la distribution de dividendes.

Si la Société a un (1) seul Associé, elle peut également être dissoute sans
liquidation conformément à l’article 1865bis du Code civil luxembourgeois.

CHAPITRE VII. LOI APPLICABLE

Article 33. Loi Applicable

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les Statuts seront réglées
conformément aux Lois. »

Souscription et Paiement

Les Statuts de la Société ont donc été enregistrés par le notaire, les parts
sociales de la Société ont été souscrites et la valeur nominale de ces parts
sociales, de même que la prime d’émission, le cas échéant a été payée à
cent pour cent (100%) en espèces ainsi qu’il suit :

m Capital souscrit Nombre de parts sociales Montant libéré

ARDIAN EUR 92.860,- 1.114.320 Parts Sociales EUR 92.860,-
lnfrastructure Fund de Catégorie A

N S-C-Au S|CAR 928.600 Parts Sociales de

Catégorie B

928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie C

928.600 Parts Sociales de

Catégorie D

928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie E

928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie F

928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie G

 

34


928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie H

928.600 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie |

742.880 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie J

ARDIAN EUR 7.140,- 85.680 Parts Sociales de EUR 7.140,-
lnfrastructure Fund Catégorie A

|V S.C.A., S|CAR B 71.400 Parts Sociales de

Catégorie B

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie C

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie D

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie E

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie F

71.400 Parts Sociales de

Catégorie G

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie H

71.400 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie |

57.120 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie J

EUR 100.000,- 1.200.000 Parts Sociales EUR 100.000,-
de Catégorie A

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie B

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie C

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie D

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie E

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie F

 

35


1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie G

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie H

1.000.000 Parts Sociales
de Catégorie I

800.000 Parts Sociales de
Catégorie J

 

Le montant de cent mille euros (EUR 100.000,-) est donc a ce moment a
la disposition de la Société, preuve en a été faite au notaire soussigné qui
constate que les conditions prévues par l’article 710-6 et l’article 710-7,
alinéa 1er, paragraphe 1 de la loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés
commerciales, telle que modifiée, ont été observées.

Frais

 

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges de toutes espèces qui
incombent a la Société en raison de sa constitution sont estimés à environ
mille cinq cents euros (EUR 1.500,-).

Disposition transitoire

Le premier exercice social de la Société commencera à la date de
constitution de la Société et s’achèvera le dernier jour de décembre de
l’année 2019 et la première assemblée générale des associés se tiendra
en 2020.

ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE EXTRAORDINAIRE
Première Résolution

L’assemblée générale des associés a décidé d’établir le siège social a 24,
avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Deuxième Résolution

L’assemblée générale des associés a décidé de fixer à trois (3) le nombre
des Gérants et a décidé de plus de nommer les personnes suivantes pour
une période indéterminée :

— Madame Jennifer Ferrand, née le 23 février 1981, à Thionville,
France, résidant professionnellement au 24, avenue Emile Reuter,
L-2420 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

— Monsieur Simon Barnes, né le 2 décembre 1962 à Liverpool
(Royaume Uni), résidant professionnellement au 51, boulevard
Grande Duchesse Charlotte, L-1331 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg ; et

36


— Monsieur Sylvain Goetz, né Ie 13 avril 1983 a Les Ulis, France,
résidant professionnellement au 24, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle la langue anglaise, déclare par
la présente qu’a la demande du comparant ci-avant, le présent acte est
rédigé en langue anglaise, suivi d'une version française, et qu’à la
demande du même comparant, et en cas de divergences entre le texte
anglais et le texte français, la version anglaise primera.

Dont acte fait et passé à Luxembourg, à la date indiquée en tête des
présentes.

Lecture du présent acte faite et interprétation donnée au comparant, connu
du notaire soussigné par ses nom, prénom usuel, état et demeure, il a
signé avec, le notaire soussigné, le présent acte.

(signé) T. BODEVING, DELOSCH.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 21 décembre 2018
Relation : 1LAC/2018/42147

Reçu soixante-quinze (75.-) euros

Le Receveur, (s) : P. MOLLING

Pour expédition conforme, délivrée aux ﬁns de la publication au RESA.

Luxembourg, le 03 janvier 2019

37


