Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230591

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.510
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

BLU FAMILY SECURITIES

Société à Responsabilité Limitée
Siège social : L-8308 Capellen, 89E, Parc d’Activités

 

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 21 DECEMBRE 2018 - Numéro
ﬂ

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twenty-first day of
December.

Before the undersigned Maitre Anja HOLTZ, notary residing in Esch-sur-
Alzette,

There appeared:

- BLU FAMILY OFFICE LIMITED, with registered office at 16
Water Lane, Richmond, London, TW9 1TJ (United Kingdom), registered
with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales under the
number 9580739, represented by Mr. Nicholas REES,;

Represented herein by Mrs Monique GOLDENBERG, residing
professionally in Esch-sur-Alzette, by virtue of a proxy given under
private agreement.

The said proxy, having been signed “NE VARIETUR” by the notary and
the appearing party, shall remain appended hereto.

The above party, as represented, has declared his intention to form a
limited liability company (the “Company”) and have drawn up the Articles
of Association thereof as follows:

The appearing parties have requested the undersigned notary to record
as follows :

“NAME — REGISTERED OFFICE - TERM - OBJECT - CAPITAL
Art. 1. There exists a private limited liability company known by the name
of “BLU FAMILY SECURITIES” The number of shareholders may not
exceed one hundred (100) shareholders.

Art. 2. The company’s registered office is established in Capellen
(Mamer). The managers are authorised to transfer the registered office
of the company within the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and to amend
the articles of incorporation according to the change of registered office.

Art. 3. The company is established for an unlimited term.


Art. 4. The Company’s object is the management of alternative
investment funds and all operations relating directly or indirectly to the
acquisition and the participation of interests in any form whatsoever, in
any business, as well as the administration, management, control and
development of these interests.

It may use its funds for the creation, management, development and
liquidation of a portfolio of securities and of whatever origin, participate
in the creation, development and control of any business, acquire by way
of contribution, subscription, undenNriting or option to purchase or any
other means, any securities and patents, to realize by way of sale,
transfer, exchange or any other means, to these securities and patents,
grant to companies in which it is interested any assistance, loans,
advances or guarantees.

The Company may enter into any transactions involving immovable and
movable property. The Company may acquire, transfer, lease and
manage all property of every kind and in whatever country. The
Company may also engage and execute all operations linked directly or
indirectly with the management and ownership of real estate. The
Company may also exercise a trademark license activity as well as a
financing activity of its subsidiaries.

The Company may carry out any operations, commercial or industrial
activities, which may directly or indirectly deem useful for the realization
of its objectives.

Art. 5. The Company’s share capital is fixed at twelve thousand euros
(EUR 12,000.-) represented by twelve thousand (12.000) shares, with no
nominal value.

The ownership of shares results from the present articles or from the
transfer of shares regularly agreed, without issuance of any certificate.
The company may issue securities not representing capital, of the
preference shares. The company may also decide to create redeemable
shares, all in compliance with the new Article 182 of the amended 1915

law on commercial companies.


The issuance of shares in industry is equally open to the company
pursuant to the Article 183 of the amended 1915 law on commercial
companies.

Each share gives right to a proportional number of shares existing of the
corporate assets, as well as to profits.

The company only recognizes one owner per share. If several
shareholders nonetheless claim ownership of a share, the company has
the right to suspend all rights attached to such share until only one
shareholder is designated as the owner of the share, all in accordance
with the new Article 186 of the amended 1915 law on commercial
companies.

The shares may however be split into bare-ownership and usufruct. With
regards to the company, a bare owner is supposed to be the owner of
the share. The rights and obligations attached to bare ownership,
respectively to the usufruct of a share, are defined in accordance with
civil law provisions on the matter, except for what is stated in the
amended 1915 law on commercial companies.

Art. 6. The shares are freely transferable among shareholders.

Any transfer for a consideration or transfer free of charge to third parties
who are not shareholders is compulsorily subject to the approval of
shareholders representing at least three quarters of the shares.
Redemption terms between shareholders are determined by the new
Article 189 (1) of the amended 1915 law on commercial companies.
Art. 7. The death, suspension, bankruptcy or insolvency of a shareholder
will not cause the dissolution of the company.

The rightful heirs, spouses or surviving partners receive shares which
belonged to their assignee ex officio and without any authorization
required from the remaining shareholders.

The benefit of the transfer ex officio can be extended, pursuant to the
articles of incorporation, to all legal heirs.

In case of transmission as a result of death to non-members, heirs,
legatees or established contractors, the approval thereof by the

remaining shareholders representing at least three quarters of the


shares is mandatory, without prejudice to the right of the assignee to
cause the premature dissolution of the company and trigger the statutory
pre-emption right mechanism which is recognized for the remaining
shareholders in accordance with the new Article 189 (2), (3) and (4) of
the amended 1915 law on commercial companies. The exercise of voting
rights attached to disputed shares is suspended for the duration of the
procedure.
The provisions of the new Article 189 of the amended 1915 law on
commercial companies are public policy rules and will not be altered by
these articles of incorporation.
Art. 8. The heirs and representatives or legal beneficiaries and creditors
of an associate may not under any pretext request any affixing of seals
on the assets and documents of the company, nor may they become
involved in any way whatsoever in any administrative actions thereof.
In order to exercise their rights, they must rely on the company
inventories and on the decisions of the general meetings.
ADMINISTRATION — GENERAL MEETING
Art. 9. The company shall be administrated by one or several managers,
whether associates or non-associates, appointed by the general meeting
which shall establish their powers and remuneration, and which may
revoke the appointment at any time.
The remuneration allocated to managers to whom the company’s daily
management has been delegated must be made known to shareholders
on a yearly basis.
In the event that there are several managers, they may form a panel.
The articles determine deliberation, voting and majority procedures to be
complied with within the panel of managers, all in accordance with the
Article 191bis (1), (2) and (3) of the amended 1915 law on commercial
companies.
Unless otherwise provided herein, each manager represents the
company in court, as a claimant or defendant. Writs for or against the

company are, however, validly made on behalf of the company alone.


The manager(s) are appointed by the general meeting. They are
appointed for an indefinite period. Their powers are set out in the deed
of appointment.

The shareholders may delegate the daily management of the company
to one or more managers, directors or authorized representatives,
shareholders or not, acting alone or jointly. This decision is subject to
mandatory publication by the Register of Trade and Companies of the
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

Person(s) to whom the daily management of the company has been
delegated is/are revocable ad nutum.

Art. 10. The manager or managers shall not be held personally liable, by
reason of their office, for undertakings that they may duly make on behalf
of the company; as simple representatives, they shall be only
responsible for the execution of their mandate, in accordance with the
civil law rules of the mandate.

Whenever a manager may have a financial interest that may go against
the company’s interest that the manager is supposed to represent, he
must immediately inform the panel of managers or the shareholders. The
manager should no longer participate in the decision that the company
is eventually required to take.

The manager(s) can make a payment of interim dividends subject to the
provisions laid down in the law. Deadlines, procedures, limits and
controls provided for in the new Article 198bis of the amended 1915 law
on commercial companies are applicable.

Art. 11. The Company will be bound in all circumstances by the signature
of the sole manager,

If managed by a board of managers, the Company will be bound in all
circumstances by the joint signature of two managers.

However, the Company will be validly bound by the sole signature of
each manager for the acts relating to its daily management.

Art. 12. Each associate may take part in collective decisions regardless
of the number of shares he or she may own; the number of votes of each

associate is equivalent to the number of shares he or she owns, except


for what is stated and applicable with respect to the split of a share in
bare ownership and usufruct.
Each shareholder may be validly represented at meetings by a special
proxy.
Art. 13. Collective decisions shall only be validly adopted if they are
taken by associates representing more than half of the share capital.
Any collective decisions whose object is an amendment of the Articles of
Association require the vote of associates representing three quarters of
the share capital.
It is only mandatory for annual ordinary general meetings to be held if
the number of shareholders exceeds sixty. The articles shall set the date
and place thereof.
Art. 14. The articles can lay down procedures for the shareholders’
participation to the meetings by videoconference or by any means
allowing the identification and effective intervention of participants.
Similarly, voting by mail may be authorized all in accordance with the
new Article 196 of the amended 1915 law on commercial companies.
Art. 15. Shareholders can arrange the exercise of voting rights attached
to the shares subject to shareholders’ agreements, while complying with
the provisions of the new Article 195bis of the amended 1915 law on
commercial companies, the provisions of which are public policy rules.
Art. 16. As soon as the number of shareholders exceeds sixty (60)
shareholders, the appointment of one or several oversight
commissioners is mandatory.

FINANCIAL YEAR - BALANCE SHEET
Art. 17. The company’s financial year shall begin on 1 January and end
on the last day of December of each year.
Each year, on the last day of December, an inventory of the assets and
liabilities of the company shall be prepared, as well as a balance sheet
and a profit and loss account.
Art. 18. The income of the company, after deduction of overheads,
expenses, amortizations and reserves for commercial and industrial

risks, shall constitute the net profit.


Five percent (5 %) shall be retained from net profits for the provision of
a reserve fund; this retention shall cease to be obligatory once the
reserve fund reaches one-tenth of the capital.
The balance is at the disposal of the general meeting of associates.
The associates may decide, by the majority laid down the related laws,
that the profit, after deduction of the reserve, shall be carried forward or
appropriated to an extraordinary reserve fund or distributed to the
associates.
DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION
Art. 19. In the event that the company is wound up, the liquidation shall
be carried out by one or several liquidators, whether associates or non-
associates, appointed by a meeting of associates by the majority laid
down in Article 142 of the Law of 10 August 1915 and its amending
legislation or, failing that, by Order of the President of the District Court
at the request of any interested individual.
The liquidator(s) shall have the widest powers to sell off assets and pay
off liabilities.
If all the shares have come to be held by a single shareholder, a
voluntary dissolution shall, under penalty of being declared void, occur
in accordance with the provisions of the new Article 141 of the amended
1915 law on commercial companies.
GENERAL PROVISION
Art. 20. The Law of 10 August 1915 and its amending legislation remain
applicable where there is no written derogation in the present articles.
TRANSITORY PROVISION
By exception, the first financial year shall begin on the date of
incorporation and shall end on 31 December 2019.
SUBSCRIPTION AND PAYMENT
All the shares have been subscribed as follows:
1- BLU FAMILY OFFICE LIMITED, prenamed 12.000
Total of subscribed shares 12.000
The share capital has been fully paid-up through a contribution in kind

consisting of a receivable in the amount of twelve thousand euros (€


12.000,00) owed to the appearing founding partners by SHAREX Sàrl,
having its registered office at L-8308 Capellen, 89e, rue Pafebruch,
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under
number B166.882, represented by its Manager the company DIREX,
which duly accepted transport in the hands of the appearing founding
partner. The contribution is made free of all charges and, with respect to
the appearing founding partner, in the same proportions as those of the
subscribed ordinary shares.
Supporting evidence of the contribution of assets was provided to the
Notary drawing up this document who expressly acknowledges this fact.
After having been initia||ed “ne varietur” by the notaries and appearing
party, the supporting documents will remain attached to the minutes in
order to be registered therewith.
ESTIMATE OF EXPENSES
The amount of fees, charges, expenses or remunerations of any kind
whatsoever that shall be payable by the Company or that shall be
charged to it for its formation is estimated without prejudice at the sum
of 950 euros.
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
Subsequently, the associate has passed the following resolutions:
1.- The registered office of the Company is established at 89 E, Parc
d’Activités, L-8308 Capellen (Mamer), Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
2.- The number of Manager will be fixed at one (1).
3.- The general meeting appoints as Manager for an indefinite period :
- Mr. Charles WOOLNOUGH, born on May 17, 1976, in Douglas, Isle of
Man, with professional address at 89 E, Parc d’Activités, L-8308
Capellen.
DECLARATION
The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English states
herewith that on request of the above appearing person, the present
deed is worded in English followed by a French translation. On request
of the same appearing person and in case of discrepancies between the

English and the French text, the English version will prevail.


Personal data protection
In application of the regulation EU 2016/679 of the European Parliament
concerning the protection of the physical persons towards the personal
data processing, the appearing person recognizes to have been
informed that the collecting of certain personal data are necessary for
the preparation of the present act, according to the legal and statutory
requirements.
Except the clerks and the collaborators of the Office in charge of the
preparation of the case, the partners legally authorized such as public
services, concerned financial institutions, third parties in touch with the
present deed and the obligations of the Notary, these data are not to be
communicated to third parties and will be archived in the Office during
30 years.
The appearing person is besides informed that the present deed will be
subjected to the formalities of the recording, and that he has the right to
ask for the access to his personal data, their rectification (except the
personal data exact at the moment of the deed) and their disappearance,
unless these requests are contrary to the Notary’s legal obligations.
Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Esch-sur-Alzette, on
the day named at the beginning of this document.
The document having been read to the person appearing, it signed
together with us, the notary, the present original deed.
Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Esch-sur-Alzette, on
the day named at the beginning of this document.
The document having been read to the person appearing, it signed

together with us, the notary, the present original deed.

SUIT LA TRADUCTION FRANCAISE DU TEX TE QUI PRECEDE

L'an deux mille dix—huit, le vingt et un décembre.
Par-devant, Maître Anja HOLTZ, notaire de résidence à Esch-sur-
Alzette, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ;

A comparu :


- BLU FAMILY OFFICE LIMITED, dont le siège social est établi au
16, Water Lane, Richmond, Londres, TW9 1TJ (Royaume-Uni),
enregistrée auprès du Registre des Sociétés pour l'Angleterre et le Pays
de Galles sous le numéro 9580739, représentée par Monsieur Nicholas
REES;
lci représenté par Madame Monique GOLDENBERG, demeurant
professionnellement à Esch-sur-Alzette, en vertu d’une procuration
donnée sous seing privé, laquelle procuration, après avoir été signée
«NE VARIETUR» par le Notaire et le comparant, restera ci-annexée
pour être formalisée avec le présent acte.
Lequel comparant, tel que représenté, a requis le notaire instrumentant
de dresser un acte d'une société à responsabilité limitée (la "Société"),
qu'il déclare constituer et dont il a arrêté les statuts comme suit:

« DÉNOMINATION - SIÈGE - DURÉE - OBJET - CAPITAL
Art. 1 er. Il existe une société à responsabilité limitée dénommée «BLU
FAMILY SECURITIES » sans que le nombre d’associés puisse
dépasser les cent (100) associés.
Art. 2. Le siège social de la société est établi à Capellen (Mamer). Les
gérants sont autorisés à transférer le siège social de la société à
l’intérieur du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et de modifier les statuts en
fonction du changement de siège social intervenu.
Art. 3. La durée de la société est illimitée.
Art. 4. La Société a pour objet la gestion de fonds d’investissements
alternatifs ainsi que toutes les opérations se rapportant directement ou
indirectement à l'acquisition et la prise de participations sous quelque
forme que ce soit, dans toute entreprise, ainsi que l'administration, la
gestion, le contrôle et le développement de ces participations.
Elle pourra notamment employer ses fonds à la création, à la gestion, à
la mise en valeur et à la liquidation d'un portefeuille se composant de
tous titres et brevets de toute origine, participer à la création, au
développement et au contrôle de toute entreprise, acquérir par voie
d'apport, de souscription, de prise ferme ou d'option d'achat et de toute

autre manière, tous titres et brevets, les réaliser par voie de vente, de


cession, d'échange ou autrement, faire mettre en valeur ces affaires et
brevets, accorder aux sociétés auxquelles elle s'intéresse tous
concours, prêts, avances ou garanties.

La Société pourra s'engager dans toutes transactions concernant des
biens immobiliers et mobiliers. La Société pourra acquérir, transférer,
louer et gérer tous biens immeubles de toutes sortes et situés dans tous
pays. La Société pourra également engager et exécuter toutes
opérations appartenant directement ou indirectement à la gestion et à la
propriété de tels biens immobiliers. La Société pourra également exercer
une activité de licence de marque de fabrique ainsi qu'une activité de
financement de ses filiales.

La Société pourra finalement accomplir toutes opérations, activités
commerciales ou industrielles, qui favoriseront directement ou
indirectement la réalisation de son objet.

Art. 5. Le capital social est fixé à DOUZE MILLE EUROS (EUR 12.000.-
), divisé en douze mille (12.000) parts sociales sans désignation de
valeur nominale.

La propriété des parts sociales résulte des présents statuts ou des actes
de cession de parts régulièrement consentis, sans qu'il y ait lieu à
délivrance d'aucun titre.

La société peut émettre des titres non représentatifs du capital, des parts
bénéficiaires. La société peut également décider de créer des parts
sociales rachetables, le tout sous respect des dispositions de l’article
182 nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés commerciales de 1915 telle que
modifiée.

L’émission des parts sociales en industrie est pareillement ouverte à la
société conformément à l’article 183 nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés
commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée.

Chaque part sociale donne droit à une fraction proportionnelle au
nombre de parts existantes de l'actif social, ainsi que des bénéfices.

La société ne reconnaît qu’un seul propriétaire par part sociale. Si
néanmoins plusieurs associés revendiquent la propriété d’une part

sociale la société a le droit de suspendre tous les droits attachés à


pareille part sociale jusqu’à ce que un seul associé soit désigné comme
propriétaire de la part sociale, le tout conformément à l’article 186
nouveau de la loi sur les société commerciales de 1915 telle que
modifiée.

Les parts sociales peuvent cependant être scindées en nue-propriété et
usufruit. Vis-à-vis de la société, le nu-propriétaire est censé être le
propriétaire de la part sociale. Les droits et obligations attachés à la nue-
propriété respectivement à l’usufruit d’une part sociale se définissent
conformément aux dispositions du droit civil en la matière sauf ce qui est
dit dans la loi sur les sociétés commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée.
Art. 6. Les parts sont librement cessibles entre associés.

Toute cession à titre onéreux ou gratuit à des tiers non associés est
obligatoirement soumise à l’agrément des associés représentant au
moins trois quarts des parts sociales.

Les modalités de rachat entre associés sont déterminées par l’article 189
(1) nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés commerciales de 1915 telle que
modifiée.

Art. 7. Le décès, l'incapacité, la faillite ou la déconfiture d'un associé
n'entraîneront pas la dissolution de la société.

Les héritiers réservataires, les conjoints ou partenaires survivants
reçoivent les parts sociales ayant été la propriété de leurs ayant-droit de
plein droit et sans qu’il soit besoin qu’ils se fassent agréer par les
associés restants.

Le bénéfice de la cession de plein droit peut être étendu, aux termes des
statuts, à tous les héritiers légaux.

En cas de transmission pour cause de mort à des non associés, héritiers,
légataires ou institués contractuels, l'agrément de ces derniers par les
associés restants représentant au moins trois quart des parts est
obligatoire, sans préjudice du droit reconnu aux ayant-droit de provoquer
la dissolution anticipée de la société et de déclencher le mécanisme du
droit de préemption légal reconnu aux associés restants conformément
aux dispositions de l’article 189 (2), (3) et (4) nouveau de la loi sur les

société commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée. L’exercice du droit de


vote attaché aux parts sociales litigieuses est suspendu pendant la
durée de la procédure.

Les dispositions de l’article 189 nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés
commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée sont d’ordre public ne sauront
être modifiées par les présents statuts.

Art. 8. Les créanciers, ayant-droits ou héritiers, alors même qu'il y aurait
parmi eux des mineurs ou incapables, ne pourront, pour quelque motif
que ce soit, faire apposer des scellés sur les biens et documents de la
société, ni s'immiscer de quelque manière que ce soit dans les actes de
son administration; pourfaire valoir leurs droits, ils devront s'en rapporter
aux inventaires de la société et aux décisions des assemblées

générales.
GÉRANCE - ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE

Art. 9. La société est administrée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés
ou non, nommés et révocables ad nutum à tout moment par l'assemblée
générale qui fixe les pouvoirs et les rémunérations. Les rémunérations
allouées aux gérants délégués à la gestion journalière de la société
doivent annuellement être portées à la connaissance des associés.

En cas de pluralité de gérants ces derniers peuvent former un collège.
Les statuts déterminent les modalités de délibération, de votre et de
majorité à observer au sein du collège des gérants, le tout conformément
à l’article 191bis (1), (2) et (3) nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés
commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée.

Sauf dispositions contraires des présents statuts, chaque gérant
représente la société en justice, en demandant ou en défendant. Les
exploits pour ou contre la société sont cependant valablement faits au
nom de la société seule.

Le ou les gérants sont nommés par l'assemblée générale. Ils sont
nommés pour une durée indéterminée. Leurs pouvoirs sont définis dans
l'acte de nomination.

Les associés peuvent déléguer la gestion journalière de la société à un

ou plusieurs gérants, directeurs ou fondés de pouvoir, associés ou non,


agissant seuls ou conjointement. Cette décision doit faire l’objet de la
publication obligatoire parles services du Registre du Commerce et des
Sociétés du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Le ou les gérants délégués à la gestion journalière sont révocables ad
nutum.

Art. 10. Le ou les gérants ne contractent en raison de leurs fonctions
aucune obligation personnelle relativement aux engagements
régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la société; simples mandataires,
ils ne sont responsables que de l'exécution de leur mandat, et ceci
conformément aux règles du droit civil du mandat.

Chaque fois qu’un gérant risque d’avoir un intérêt patrimonial susceptible
d’aller à l’encontre de l’intérêt de la société que le gérant est censé
représenter, il doit en informer sans délai le collège des gérants ou les
associés. Le gérant ne doit plus part à la décision que la société est
éventuellement amenée à prendre.

Le ou les gérants peuvent procéder à un versement d'acomptes sur
dividendes dans les conditions fixées par la loi. Les délais, procédures,
plafonds et mécanismes de contrôle prévus à l’article 198bis nouveau
de la loi sur les société commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée sont
applicables.

Art. 11. La Société est engagée en toutes circonstances parla signature
du gérant unique.

En cas de pluralité de gérants, la Société est engagée en toutes
circonstances parla signature conjointe de deux gérants. Cependant, la
Société est valablement engagée parla signature individuelle de chaque
gérant, pour les actes relatifs à sa gestion journalière.

Art. 12. Chaque associé peut participer aux décisions collectives quel
que soit le nombre de parts qui lui appartiennent. Chaque associé a un
nombre de voix égal au nombre de parts qu'il possède, sauf ce qui est
dit et applicable en matière de scission d’une part sociale en nue-
propriété et en usufruit.

Chaque associé peut se faire valablement représenter aux assemblées

par un porteur de procuration spéciale.


Art. 13. Les décisions collectives ne sont valablement prises que pour
autant qu'elles sont adoptées par les associés représentant plus de la
moitié du capital social.

Les décisions collectives ayant pour objet une modification des statuts
doivent réunir les voix des associés représentant les trois quarts du
capital social.

La tenue d’assemblées générales ordinaires annuelles n’est obligatoire
que si el nombre d’associés dépasse les soixante. Les statuts en fixent
les dates et lieu.

Art.14. Les statuts peuvent fixer les modalités de participation des
associés aux assemblées par visioconférence ou par tout moyen
permettant l’identification et l’intervention effectives des participants. Le
vote par correspondance peut pareillement être autorisé le tout
conformément à l’article 196 nouveau de la loi sur les sociétés
commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée.

Art.15. Les associés peuvent aménager l’exercice des droits de vote
attachés aux parts sociales moyennant de pactes d’associés, le tout en
observant les dispositions de l’article 195bis nouveau de la loi sur les
sociétés commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée dont les dispositions
sont d’ordre public.

Art. 16. Dès que le nombre d’associés dépasse les soixante (60)
associés la nomination d’un ou plusieurs commissaires à la surveillance

est obligatoire.
ANNÉE SOCIALE - BILAN

Art. 17. L'année sociale commence le premierjanvier et finit le trente et
un décembre de chaque année.

Chaque année, le 31 décembre, les comptes annuels sont arrêtés et la
gérance dresse un inventaire comprenant l'indication des valeurs actives
et passives de la société, ainsi qu'un bilan et un compte de pertes et
profits.

Art. 18. Les produits de la société, déduction faite des frais généraux et

des charges sociales, de tous amortissements de l'actif et de toutes


provisions pour risques commerciaux et industriels, constituent le
bénéfice net.

Sur le bénéfice net constaté, il est prélevé cinq pourcent (5%) pour la
constitution d'un fonds de réserve légale jusqu'à ce que celui-ci ait atteint
le dixième du capital social.

Le surplus du bénéfice est à la libre disposition des associés.

Les associés pourront décider, à la majorité fixée par les lois afférentes,
que le bénéfice, déduction faite de la réserve, pourra être reporté à
nouveau ou versé à un fonds de réserve extraordinaire ou distribué aux

associés.
DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION

Art. 19. En cas de dissolution de la société, la liquidation sera faite par
un ou plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non, désignés par l'assemblée
des associés à la majorité fixée par l'article 142 de la loi du 10 août 1915
et de ses lois modificatives ou, à défaut, par ordonnance du Président

du tribunal d'arrondissement, statuant sur requête de tout intéressé.

Le ou les liquidateurs auront les pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la

réalisation de l'actif et le paiement du passif.

La dissolution volontaire qui s’opère par la réunion de toutes les parts
sociales en une seule main doit, sous peine nullité, se faire
conformément aux dispositions de l’article 141 nouveau de la loi sur les

sociétés commerciales de 1915 telle que modifiée.

DISPOSITION GÉNÉRALE
Art. 20. La loi du 10 août 1915 et ses modifications ultérieures trouveront
leur application partout où il n'y a pas été dérogé par |es présents
statuts.
MESURE TRANSITOIRE
Par dérogation, le premier exercice commence le jour de la constitution
pour finir le 31 décembre 2019.
SOUSCRIPTION ET LIBERATION

Toutes les parts sociales ont été souscrites comme suit :
1- BLU FAMILY OFFICE LIMITED, prequalifié ................... 12.000


Total des parts souscrites ............................................. 12.000
Toutes les parts ont été intégralement Iibérées par un apport en nature
constitué par une créance d’un montant de douze mille euro (12.000,00
€) détenue par l’associé fondateur comparant sur la société à
responsabilité limitée Sharex, dont le siège social se situe à L-8308
Capellen, 89 E, rue Pafebruch, immatriculée au Registre de Commerce
et des Sociétés sous le numéro B166.882, représentée par son gérant
la société DIREX, qui a dûment accepté le transport entre les mains de
l’associé fondateur comparant. L’apport est réalisé libre de toutes
charges et, pour la personne de l’associé fondateur comparant, dans les
mêmes proportions que celles des parts ordinaires souscrites.
L’opération d’apport a été justifiée au notaire instrumentant, qui le
constate expressément. Les pièces justificatives resteront, après avoir
été paraphées ne varietur par le notaire et le comparant, annexées à la
minute pour être enregistrées avec cette dernière.

ESTIMATION DES FRAIS
Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges sous
quelque forme que ce soit, qui incombent à la Société et qui sont mis à

sa charge en raison de sa constitution, est évalué sans nul préjudice à
la somme de 950.- EUR.

ASSEMBLÉE GÉNÉRALE EXTRAORDINAIRE
Et à l'instant le comparant, préqualifié, représentant l'intégralité du
capital social, a pris les résolutions suivantes :
1.- Le siège de la Société est établi au 89 E, Parc d'Activités, L-8308
Capellen (Mamer), Grand-duché de Luxembourg.
2.- Le nombre de gérant est fixé à un (1) ;
3.- L'assemblée générale désigne en tant que gérant pour une durée
indéterminée :
- Monsieur Charles WOOLNOUGH, né le 17 mai 1976 à Douglas, Ile de
Man, avec adresse professionnelle au 89 E, Parc d’Activités, L-8308

Capellen.
DECLARATION


Le notaire soussigné, qui comprend et parle l'anglais et français, déclare
par les présentes, qu'à la requête des comparants |e présent acte est
rédigé en anglais suivi d'une version française; à la requête des mêmes
comparants, et en cas de divergences entre |e texte anglais et français,
la version française prévaudra.

Protection des données à caractère personnel
En application du règlement UE 2016/679 du Parlement Européen relatif
à la protection des personnes physiques à l’égard du traitement des
données à caractère personnel, |e comparant reconnaît avoir été informé
que la collecte de certaines données à caractère personnel sont
nécessaires à la préparation du présent acte, conformément aux
dispositions légales et réglementaires applicables.
Hormis les clercs et collaborateurs de l’Etude en charge de la
préparation du dossier, les partenaires légalement habilités tels que les
services publics, les établissements financiers concernés, les autres
tiers en rapport avec |e présent acte et les obligations du notaire, |e cas
échéant, Ies créanciers hypothécaires (bénéficiant d’une hypothèque
conventionnelle ou légale), ces données n’ont pas été communiquées à
des tiers et seront archivées à l’Etude pendant une durée de 30 ans.
Le comparant est par ailleurs informé que |e présent acte sera soumis
aux formalités de l’enregistrement et de la publication au Recueil
Electronique des Sociétés et Associations de Luxembourg, et qu’il a |e
droit de demander l’accès aux données à caractère personnel, leur
rectification (sans que cela ne puisse remettre en cause les données
figurant à l’acte si elles sont correctes au moment de la signature) et leur
effacement sous réserve des obligations légales du notaire
instrumentant.
DONT ACTE, |e présent acte a été passé à Esch-sur-Alzette, à la date
indiquée en tête des présentes.
Après lecture du présent acte au comparant, connu du notaire par nom,
prénom, état civil et domicile, ledit comparant a signé avec Nous, notaire,

|e présent acte.
(Signé) : M. Goldenberg, Anja Holtz.


Enregistré à Esch-sur-Alzette, le 24 décembre 2018 — EAC/2018/33118

Reçu soixante-quinze euros = 75 €. — Le Receveur (signé) : T. Schmitt.
POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME

Délivrée aux parties pour servir à des fins administratives.

Esch-sur-Alzette, le 2 janvier 2019.


