Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230594

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_003.594
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_003 le 03/01/2019

Déposé le 03/01/2019

Archmore IDP ll Sub-Fund ll Holding l S.à r.l.

société à responsabilité limitée

33a, Avenue J.-F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION D’UNE SOCIÉTÉ
N° 9552 du 20 décembre 2018

 

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the twentieth day of
December,

before Maître Jean-Paul MEYERS, notary residing in Esch-sur-Alzette
(Grand Duchy of Luxembourg),

there appeared:

Archmore SCSp, SlCAV-SIF, a special limited partnership (société en
commandite spéciale) existing and organised under the laws of Luxembourg,
with registered office at 80 route d'Esch, L-1470 Luxembourg, registered with
the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under registered number
8220657 represented by its general partner Archmore GP S.à r.l., a private limited
liability company (société a responsabilité limitée) existing and organised under the
laws of Luxembourg, with registered office at 80 route d'Esch, L-147O Luxembourg,
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under registered
number 8219645, and acting for the account of its sub-fund Infrastructure Debt
Platform ll Sub-Fund ll (the "Founding Shareholder"),

here represented by Mrs. Caroline RAMIER, with business address in
Esch-sur-Alzette (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) (the "Representative“), by
virtue of a power of attorney, which, after having been signed ne varietur by the
Representative and the undersigned notary, shall be annexed to the present
deed for the purpose of registration.

The Founding Shareholder, represented by the Representative, has
requested the undersigned notary to draw up the following articles of
incorporation of a private limited liability company (société a responsabilité
limitée) which it declared to establish.

Page 1 sur 35


ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ARCHMORE IDP ll SUB-FUND ll HOLDING l
S.À R.L.

FORM, NAME, REGISTERED OFFICE, OBJECT, DURATION

1. Form

1.1 There exists a company in the form of a private limited liability
company (société a responsabilité Iimitée) (the "Company") which shall be
governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, notably the
Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended
(the "Law"), article 1832 of the Luxembourg Civil Code, as amended, and the
present articles of association (the "Articles").

1.2 The Company may have one sole shareholder or several
shareholders (the "Shareholder(s)"), provided that the number of Shareholders
does not exceed one hundred (100).

1.3 If the number of Shareholders in the Company exceeds (for
whatever reason) the limit of one hundred (100), the Company must be
converted within one (1) year of the date on which such a limit was exceeded.
In case the conversion does not take place, the liquidation of the Company
might be requested by the relevant authorities.

2. Company name

2.1 The Company exists under the name "Archmore IDP ll Sub-
Fund ll Holding l S.à r.l.".

3. Registered office

3.1 The Company has its registered office in Luxembourg-City.

3.2 The sole manager or, as the case may be, the board of managers
of the Company (the "Board" as defined under article 11.1) is authorised to
change the address of the Company's registered office within the municipality
of the Company's registered office or to any other municipality in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg and amend these Articles accordingly, in accordance
with the Law.

3.3 Branches or other offices may be established either in the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by decision of the Board.

3.4 In the event that, in the opinion of the Board, extraordinary
political, economic or social developments occur or are imminent which would
interfere with the normal activities of the Company at its registered office or with
the ease of communications with the said office or between the said office and

persons abroad, it may temporarily transfer the registered office abroad, until

Page 2 sur 35


the end of these abnormal circumstances. Such a temporary measure will have
no effect on the nationality of the Company which, notwithstanding the
temporary transfer of the registered office, will remain a company governed by
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

4. Corporate Object

4.1 The corporate object of the Company is the direct and indirect
acquisition and holding of stakes, in any form whatsoever, in Luxembourg
and/or foreign undertakings, as well as the administration, development and
management of these stakeholdings.

This includes without limitation the investment in, acquisition and
disposal of, grant or issuance (without a public offering with respect to the issue
by the Company of equity instruments and / or convertible debt instruments) of
preferred equity certificates, loans, bonds, notes, debentures and other debt
instruments (convertible or not), shares, warrants and other equity instruments
or rights, including without limitation, shares of capital stock, limited partnership
interests, limited-liability company interests, preferred stock, securities and
swaps, and any combination of the foregoing, in each case whether readily
marketable or not, as well as obligations (including without limitation synthetic
securities obligations) in any type of company, entity or other legal person.

4.2 The Company may also use its funds to invest in real estate,
intellectual property rights or any other movable or immovable asset in any form
or of any kind.

4.3 The Company may grant pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages
and any other form of security as well as any form of indemnity, to Luxembourg
or foreign entities, in respect of its own obligations and debts.

4.4 The Company may also provide assistance in any form
(including without limitation the extension of advances, loans, money deposits
and credit as well as the provision of pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and
any otherform of security) to the Company's subsidiaries. On a more occasional
basis, the Company may provide the same type of assistance to undertakings
that form part of the same group to which the Company belongs or to third
parties, provided that doing so is in the Company's interest and does not trigger
any license requirements.

4.5 The Company may generally employ any techniques and
instruments relating to its investments for the purpose of their efficient

Page 3 sur 35


management, including techniques and instruments designed to protect the
Company against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks.

4.6 In general, the Company may carry out any commercial,
industrial or financial transactions and engage in those other activities as it
deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with,
the accomplishment and development of its corporate purpose.

4.7 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not enter into
any transaction that would cause it to be engaged in a regulated activity or one
that requires the Company to have a license.

5. Duration

The Company is established for an unlimited period of time.

SHARE CAPITAL, TRANSFER OF SHARES

6. Share capital

6.1 The share capital of the Company amounts to twelve thousand
Euro (EUR 12,000.-), divided into twelve thousand (120) shares, each with a
par value of one Euro (EUR 100.-).

6.2 The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced
by a resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders of the Company (the
"General Meeting") adopted in accordance with the provisions set out for an
amendment of these Articles.

6.3 In addition to the share capital, the Shareholder(s) may decide
to set up a share premium account. Any premium paid on shares in addition to
the par value must in its entirety be transferred into this share premium account.
The funds of the share premium account may be used by the Company to
redeem the Company's own shares from Shareholders, to offset any net
realised losses, to make distributions to Shareholders or to allocate funds to the
legal reserve.

6.4 In addition to the share capital and share premium account, the
Company may maintain a capital contribution account 115 (compte 115 “Apport
en capitaux propres non rémunéré par des titres”) on which the Company shall
allocate any capital contributions to the Company which will be made without
issue by the Company of any new shares in consideration for the relevant
contribution.

6.5 The Company may acquire its own shares. The Board may
decide to cancel the redeemed shares and decide upon the capital reduction

corresponding to the amount of redeemed shares, but not falling below the

Page 4 sur 35


statutory minimum share capital, to be evidenced by a notarial deed. This
notarial deed needs to be established within the month of the cancellation and
the decision upon capital reduction by the Board.

6.6 Without prejudice to the possibility of the Company to redeem its
own shares under article 6.5, the Company may issue fully or partially
redeemable shares (the "Redeemable Shares"). The share capital of the
Company shall never fall below the legal minimum of twelve thousand Euro
(EUR 12,000).

6.7 The Board may decide not to pay whole or part of the redemption
price on the Redeemable Shares, in case the Board deems that such a
redemption causes the Company not to be in position to pay its debts when
falling due. The decision of the Board not to pay the redemption price suspends
the obligation to redeem the Redeemable Shares towards the holder(s) of those
Redeemable Shares.

7. Shares

7.1 All shares are and remain in registered form.

7.2 Ownership of a share carries implicit acceptance of these
Articles and the resolutions adopted by the Shareholders.

7.3 Each share entitles each Shareholder to one vote in respect of
such share, subject to the limitations imposed by the laws of the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg.

7.4 Each share of the Company is indivisible vis-a-vis the Company.
Co-owners of shares must be represented by a common representative vis-a-
vis the Company. The Company has the right to suspend the exercise of all
rights attached to the share until a common representative has been notified by
the co-owners to the Company in writing or by fax.

8. Transfer of shares

8.1 The shares and founders’ shares with voting rights may be
transferred freely amongst the Shareholders.

8.2 Where the Company has a sole Shareholder, such a
Shareholder may freely transfer his/her/its shares.

8.3 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
shares to third parties requires the prior consent of the Shareholders
representing at least half of the issued shares.

8.4 If a Shareholder intends to transfer one or more shares to a third

party, this transferring Shareholder must send a notice to the Company with all

Page 5 sur 35


relevant details of the proposed transfer, including the identity of the transferee,
the transfer price, and, if relevant, the conditions applicable to the transfer.

8.5 If the proposed transfer is not approved by the Shareholders in
accordance with article 8.3, the Shareholders may, within three (3) months from
the date of refusal by the Company, acquire the share(s), unless othenNise
agreed, or procure the acquisition of the share(s) at a price determined between
the parties at a certain moment/that point in time and the terms of the proposed
transfer set out under 8.4 and any otherterms and conditions agreed/negotiated
between the parties, with the exception of the transferring shareholder deciding
not to proceed with the transfer. Upon request of the Board, the period of three
(3) months can be extended by the judge of the Luxembourg district court
(Tribunal d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and interim
relief, it being understood that this extension shall not exceed six (6) months.

8.6 The Company may within the same timeframe and with the
consent of the transferring Shareholder, decide to (i) reduce its share capital by
an amount corresponding to the aggregate par value of the relevant share(s)
and (ii) redeem and cancel those shares at a price and on the terms and
conditions determined in accordance with article 8.5. If the transferring
Shareholder do not consent to the capital reduction, the transfer shall in such a
case take place in accordance with articles 8.3 and 8.5.

8.7 Where the Company has several Shareholders, any transfer of
shares and founders’ shares with voting rights to third parties for reasons of
death of any Shareholder requires the consent of the Shareholders representing
at least half of the share capital belonging to the surviving Shareholders.

8.8 If after the period mentioned under article 8.5 neither the existing
Shareholders have acquired nor the Company has redeemed its shares, the
transferring Shareholder may freely sell his/her/its shares to the proposed new
shareholder(s) at the transfer price and conditions which were notified to the
Company.

8.9 Any transfer of shares must be evidenced by a notarial deed or
under private seal. No transfer of shares is binding vis-a-vis the Company or
vis-a-vis third parties unless duly notified to the Company or accepted by the
Company in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law on transfers of
claims, in particular, without limitation, article 1690 of the Luxembourg Civil
Code.

Page 6 sur 35


BOARD; AUDITOR

9. Managers

9.1 The Company shall be managed by one or several managers,
who do not need to be Shareholders (each a "Manager" and collectively the
"Manager(s)").

9.2 The Managers are appointed by the Shareholders who
determine (i) their number, (ii) their remuneration and (iii) the limited or unlimited
duration of their mandate.

9.3 The Managers will hold office until their successors are elected.
They may be re-elected and may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the Shareholders.

9.4 The Shareholders may decide to qualify the appointed Managers
as class A managers and class B managers respectively.

9.5 Even after the term of their mandate has ended, the Managers
are not entitled to disclose confidential information of the Company or any
Company information which may be detrimental to the Company's interests,
except when such a disclosure is mandatory by law.

9.6 The sole Manager or, as the case may be, the Board may confer
its powers to conduct the daily management and affairs of the Company and
represent the Company in relation to such a daily management and affairs on
any Manager(s) or any other person, who need not be a Shareholder, acting
alone orjointly, at such terms as the sole Manager or, as the case may be the
Board, shall determine. Their appointment removal and powers shall be
determined either by these Articles or by a resolution of the Board.

10. Board of Managers

10.1 Where more than one Manager has been appointed, the
Managers will constitute a board (the "Board").

10.2 The Board shall appoint a Manager as its chair (the "Chair of the
Board").

11. Powers of the Board and the sole Manager

11.1 The Board is vested with full powers to act on behalf of the
Company and to authorise, on behalf of the Company, all acts whether of an
administrative or of a disposal nature which the Board in its full discretion deems
necessary or useful for accomplishing the Company's object. All powers not
expressly reserved by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to the

Shareholders fall within the competence of the Board.

Page 7 sur 35


11.2 The Board may also set up one or more committee(s) and
determine its/their composition and powers and delegate certain powers and/or
special mandates to them.

11.3 The Board may confer certain powers and/or special mandates
to act on behalf of and bind the Company, vis-a-vis third parties, to one or
several Manager(s), Shareholder(s) or third parties, any of these acting either
alone orjointly as determined by the Board.

11.4 In case of a sole Manager, the aforesaid powers in this article 12
shall be invested in the sole Manager.

12. Meetings of the Board and written decisions

12.1 The Board will meet upon the request of any Manager, and
where there are both class A Managers and class B Managers, by at least one
Manager of each class.

12.2 The Chair of the Board, or any Manager, in case no Chair of the
Board has been appointed, will inform the other Managers of the place, date,
time and agenda of the meeting by written notice or email.. No separate notice
is required for meetings held at places, dates and times specified in a time
schedule previously adopted by a decision of the Board and in case of urgency.

12.3 The above mentioned notice requirement may be waived in
writing by the concerned Manager(s) or by the unanimous consent of all
Managers at the relevant meeting of the Board or othen/vise.

12.4 At each Board meeting, the Board shall appoint the chair of the
relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the Managers present or represented
at such a meeting.

12.5 The Board may also appoint a secretary, whether a Manager or
not, who will be responsible for keeping the minutes of the meeting.

12.6 Each Manager may attend and act at any Board meeting by
appointing another Manager by way of written proxy as her/his representative,
with the limitation of one proxy per Manager attending the meeting.

12.7 On an exceptional basis, in case one or some Manager(s) is(are)
unable to attend physically a Board meeting, these Manager(s) may participate
and express his/her/their vote in a Board meeting by means of a conference call
or by videoconference being initiated from Luxembourg or by any similar means
of communication enabling several persons participating therein to
simultaneously communicate with each other, provided that at least two (2)

Managers are physical present in Luxembourg to attend the Board meeting.

Page 8 sur 35


These methods of participation are to be considered as equivalent to a physical
presence at the meeting in Luxembourg.

12.8 A quorum of the Board shall be the presence or the
representation of a majority of the Managers holding office, provided, whenever
applicable, that at least a class A Manager and a class B Manager are present.
Decisions will be taken by a majority of the votes of the Managers present or
represented at the relevant meeting and this majority shall at least, whenever
applicable, include a class A Manager and a class B Manager. In the case of a
tied vote, the Chair of the Board does not have a casting vote.

12.9 The minutes of Board meetings must be drawn up and signed by
all Managers present at the relevant meeting. Any powers of attorney shall
remain attached to the minutes.

12.10 A written resolution signed by all Managers is proper and valid
as though it had been adopted at a meeting of the Board which was duly
convened and held at the registered office of the Company. Such a resolution
can be documented in either a single document signed by all Managers or in
several separate documents all with the same content each of them signed by
one or several Managers.

12.11 Where only one Manager has been appointed, such a Manager
has full power to act on behalf of and validly bind the Company without the need
of any decision in writing or minutes of the sole Manager's decisions.

12.12 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the Board meeting shall be
certified by the Board.

13. Representation of the Company

13.1 Where only one Manager has been appointed, the Company will
be bound vis-a-vis third parties by the sole signature of that Manager as well as
by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom such a Manager has
delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

13.2 Where the Company is managed by a Board, the Company will
be bound vis-a-vis third parties by the joint signatures of any two Managers as
well as by the joint or single signature of any person(s) to whom the Board has
delegated signatory authority, within the limits of such an authority.

13.3 Notwithstanding the above, the Company will be bound vis-a-vis
third parties only by the joint signatures of one class A manager and one class
B manager if the Shareholder(s) has/have qualified the Managers as class A

managers and class B managers as well as by the joint or single signature of

Page 9 sur 35


any person(s) to whom the Board has delegated signatory authority, within the
limits of such an authority.

14. Conflict of Interests

14.1 Subject to the following, the conflict of interest rules as set out in
article 441-7 of the Law shall apply.

14.2 No contract or other business between the Company and any
third party company or firm shall be affected or invalidated by the sole fact that
one or several duly authorised representatives of the Company, including but
not limited to any Manager, (i) has a direct or indirect financial interest conflicting
with the interests of the Company in, or (ii) is a duly authorised representative
and/or shareholder of the said other company or firm (the "Conflicted
Representative").

14.3 The Conflicted Representative shall not be automatically
prevented from participating in the deliberations or voting on any such
transaction, contract or other business. For all contracts or other business not
(i) falling within the scope of the day-to-day management of the Company, (ii)
being concluded in the Company's ordinary course of business and (iii) being
concluded at arm's length, the Conflicted Representative shall inform the Board
of any such personal interest and shall not deliberate or vote on any such
transaction or other business, and the Shareholders shall be notified of such a
transaction or other business and the Conflicted Representative's interest
therein. Where by reason of conflicts of interest on a specific transaction,
contract or other business, the requirements provided under article 13.8 of these
Articles in order to deliberate and vote on such a transaction, contract or other
business are not fulfilled, the Board may decide to submit the decision on such
a transaction, contract or other business to the approval of the General Meeting.

14.4 If the Conflicted Representative is the sole manager, the relevant
contract or other business not (i) being concluded in the Company's ordinary
course of business and (ii) being concluded at arm's length shall be approved
by the General Meeting or the sole Shareholder (as the case may be).

14.5 The daily manager(s) of the Company, if any, are mutatis
mutandis subject to articles 15.2 to 15.4 of these Articles. If only one (1) daily
manager has been appointed and becomes a Conflicted Representative, the
relevant decision shall be adopted by the Board. Where by reason of conflicts
of interest on a specific transaction, contract or other business, the requirements

provided under article 13.8 of these Articles in order to deliberate and vote on

Page 10 sur 35


such a transaction, contract or other business are not fulfilled, the daily
manager(s) may decide to submit the decision on such a transaction, contract
or other business to the approval of the Board.

15. Indemnification of Managers

15.1 The Company will indemnify its Manager(s), and, if applicable,
their successors, heirs, executors and administrators, against damages and
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
to which the Manager(s) is/(are) party for being or having been Manager(s) of
the Company or, at the request of the Company, of any other company of which
the Company is a shareholder or creditor if and to the extent they are not entitled
to indemnification by this other company.

15.2 Indemnification will only be provided if and to the extent the
Manager(s) is/(are) not finally adjudged in an action, suit or proceeding to be
liable for gross negligence or misconduct.

15.3 In the event of a settlement, indemnification will only be provided
if and to the extent the Company is advised by its legal counsel that the
Manager(s) did not commit a breach of his/her duties.

15.4 The foregoing right of indemnification does not exclude other
rights to which the Manager(s) and, if applicable its/(their) successors, heirs,
executors and administrators may be entitled.

16. Audit

16.1 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé)
is required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company
has more than sixty (60) Shareholders, the Company's annual accounts are to
be audited by one or more statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes),
which can either be one or several Shareholders or third persons.

16.2 If no licensed independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé)
is required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Company
has sixty (60) or fewer Shareholders, the Shareholders may decide, without
being obliged to do so, to have the annual accounts audited by one or more
statutory auditor(s) (commissaire(s) aux comptes), being either Shareholders or
third persons.

16.3 The auditor(s) shall be appointed by the Shareholders who shall
determine the (i) number of auditor(s), (ii) remuneration of the auditor(s) and (iii)

duration of the mandate of the auditor(s). The auditor(s) will hold office until their

Page 11 sur 35


successors are elected. They may be re-elected at the end of their term and
they may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Shareholders.
SHAREHOLDERS

17. Shareholders' Resolutions

17.1 The Shareholders decide by passing resolutions either in
General Meeting or, subject to the limitations set forth in these Articles and the
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, by written resolution.

17.2 One vote is attached to each share, except as otherwise
provided for by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

17.3 Any amendment to the Articles (including the change of the
Company's nationality) must be approved by Shareholders representing three-
quarters (3/4) of the issued share capital of the Company, except as otherwise
required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or by the Articles.

17.4 All other Shareholders' resolutions must be approved by
Shareholders representing more than half of the issued share capital of the
Company, except as otherwise required by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg or by the Articles. In case the quorum is not reached at the first
meeting, the Shareholders shall be convened or consulted a second time, by
registered letter, and decisions shall be adopted by a majority in number of the
votes cast, regardless of the portion of issued share capital represented by such
votes.

17.5 The Board may suspend the voting rights of any Shareholder in
breach of its obligations under these Articles and/or any other contractual
arrangements entered into by any such Shareholder.

17.6 A Shareholder may individually decide not to exercise,
temporarily or permanently, all or part of its voting rights. The waiving
Shareholder is bound by such a waiver which shall become mandatory to the
Company upon notification to the latter.

17.7 In case the voting rights of one or several Shareholders are
suspended in accordance with article 18.5 hereof or the exercise of the voting
rights has been waived by one or several Shareholders in accordance with
article 18.6 hereof, such Shareholders may attend any General Meeting but the
shares they hold are not taken into account for the determination of the

conditions of quorum and majority to be complied with at the General Meeting.

Page 12 sur 35


18. Written Resolutions

18.1 If the Company has sixty (60) or fewer Shareholders, the
Shareholders' resolutions do not have to be passed in General Meetings but
may also be passed by written resolution.

18.2 The text of resolutions to be adopted by written resolution will be
sent to the Shareholders in writing by the Board by registered letter, letter, e-
mail or fax. Shareholders are under the obligation to cast their vote and send it
back to the Board by registered letter, letter, e-mail orfax within fifteen (15) days
as from the receipt of the letter. Any votes not cast within this time frame will be
considered as having abstained from voting.

18.3 The formal requirements set forth in article 18.2 of the Articles
for passing written Shareholders' resolutions may be waived by unanimous
written resolution of all Shareholders in the relevant written resolution or
othen/vise.

18.4 The formal requirements set forth in article 18.2 of the Articles
for passing written Shareholders' resolutions do not apply if the Company has
only one Shareholder. All resolutions adopted by a sole Shareholder must,
however, be documented in writing and signed by the sole Shareholder.

18.5 Any copies or extracts of the written Shareholders' resolutions
shall be certified by the Board.

19. General Meetings

19.1 An annual General Meeting needs only be held if the Company
has more than sixty (60) Shareholders. In that case, this annual General
Meeting shall be held in accordance with the Law.

19.2 General Meetings are convened in accordance with the laws of
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by notice of the Board, the auditor(s) of the
Company or the Shareholder(s) representing at least half of the issued share
capital of the Company (as the case may be).

19.3 A General Meeting may only be held abroad if, in the opinion of
the Board, this should be necessary due to circumstances of force majeure.

19.4 The notice convening the General Meeting shall indicate the
place, date, time and agenda of the meeting and shall be sent to the
Shareholders at least eight (8) days prior to the meeting. The above mentioned
notice requirement may be waived in writing by the concerned Shareholder(s)
or by the unanimous written consent of all Shareholders at the relevant meeting

of the Shareholders.

Page 13 sur 35


19.5 Any duly constituted General Meeting represents all the
Shareholders of the Company.

19.6 If the Company has only a sole Shareholder, this sole
Shareholder exercises the powers granted to the General Meeting by the
applicable law and these Articles. Articles 710-18 to 710-22 and 710-26 of the
Law are not applicable to that situation.

20. Procedure at General Meetings

20.1 A Shareholder may act at a General Meeting by appointing a
representative, who does not have to be a Shareholder, in writing or by fax.

20.2 Shareholder(s) may participate in a General Meeting by means
of a conference call, by videoconference or by any similar means of
communication enabling several persons to communicate with each other. Such
participation shall be deemed equivalent to a physical presence at the relevant
meeting.

20.3 The Board may determine all other conditions that must be
fulfilled in order to take part in a General Meeting.

20.4 At each meeting of the Shareholders, the Shareholders shall
appoint the chair of the relevant meeting by vote of the majority of the
Shareholders present or represented at such a meeting (the "Chair of the
General Meeting").

20.5 The Chair of the General Meeting will appoint a secretary. The
Shareholders will appoint one or several scrutineer(s). The Chair of the General
Meeting together with the secretary and the scrutineer(s) form the bureau of the
General Meeting (the "Bureau").

20.6 An attendance list indicating the (i) name of the Shareholders, (ii)
number of shares held by them and, if applicable, (iii) name of the
representative, must be drawn up and signed by the members of the Bureau.

20.7 Minutes of the resolutions of the General Meeting shall be drawn
up and signed by the Bureau.

20.8 Copies or extracts of the minutes of the General Meeting shall
be certified by the Board.

21. Right to information

One or several Shareholders holding together at least ten percent (10%)
of the share capital or the voting rights may submit questions in writing to the
Board relating to transactions in connection with the management of the

Company as well as companies controlled by the Company; with respect to the

Page 14 sur 35


latter, such questions shall be assessed in consideration of the relevant entities'
corporate interest. ln the absence of a response within one (1) month, the
relevant Shareholder(s) may request the judge of the Luxembourg district court
(Tribunal d'Arrondissement) entrusted with commercial matters and interim
relief, to appoint one or several experts in charge of presenting a report on such
related transactions referred to in the written question(s).

FINANCIAL YEAR, DISTRIBUTIONS OF EARNINGS

22. Financial year

The Company's financial year begins on the first day of the month of
January and ends on the last day of the month of December.

23. Approval of financial statements

23.1 At the end of each financial year, the accounts are closed and
the Board will draw up the annual accounts of the Company in accordance with
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

23.2 The Board will submit the annual accounts of the Company to
the company's auditor(s), if any, for review and to the Shareholders for approval.

23.3 Each Shareholder may inspect the annual accounts at the
registered office of the Company as provided for by the laws of the Grand Duchy
of Luxembourg.

24. Allocation of Profits

24.1 From the annual net profits of the Company (if any), 5% (five per
cent.) shall be allocated to a legal reserve (the "Legal Reserve"). This allocation
shall cease to be required as soon as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10% (ten
per cent.) of the share capital of the Company, but shall again be compulsory if
the Legal Reserve falls below 10% (ten per cent.) of the share capital of the
Company.

24.2 After allocation to the Legal Reserve, the Shareholders shall
determine how the remainder of the annual net profits will be disposed of. The
Shareholders may decide to allocate the whole or part of the remainder to a
reserve or to a provision, to carry it forward to the next following financial year
or to distribute it, together with profits carried forward from previous financial
years, distributable reserves or share premium to the shareholders as dividend.

25. lnterim dividends

25.1 The Board is authorised to pay out interim dividends, provided

that current interim accounts have been drawn up and that said interim accounts

Page 15 sur 35


show that the Company has sufficient available funds for such a distribution, in
accordance with the conditions set forth under article 710-25 of the Law.
DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

26. Dissolution and liquidation

26.1 The dissolution of the Company may be resolved by its
Shareholders with the same quorum and majority required to amend these
Articles, unless othenNise provided by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg.

26.2 Should the Company be dissolved, the liquidation will be carried
out by one or more liquidators appointed by the Shareholders determining
powers and compensation of the liquidator(s).

26.3 After payment of all the outstanding debts of and charges against
the Company, including taxes and expenses pertaining to the liquidation
process, the remaining net assets of the Company shall be distributed equally
to the Shareholders pro rata to the number of the shares held by them.

APPLICABLE LAW

27. Applicable law

All matters not governed by these Articles shall be determined by the
applicable provisions of Luxembourg law.

Subscription and payment

Thereupon, the Founding Shareholder, represented by the
Representative, declared to subscribe to and to fully pay in cash all the one
hundred and twenty (120) shares with a par value amount of one hundred Euro
(EUR 100.-) each issued by the Company.

Proof of such payment has been given to the undersigned notary who
states that the conditions set forth in article 710-6 of the law of 10 August 1915
on commercial companies, as amended by article 1832 of the civil code, as
amended, have been fulfilled and expressly bears witness to theirfulfilment.

Transitory Provisions

The first financial year of the Company will begin on the present date
and will end on 31 December 2019.

Extraordinary General meeting

The Founding Shareholder, represented by the Representative, in its
capacity as sole shareholder of the Company, thereupon passed the following

shareholders' resolutions:

Page 16 sur 35


1. The company shall be represented by three (3) managers (the
“Managers”).

2. The following are appointed as Managers of the Company for an
unlimited period:

- Mr. AmauryZinga-Botao, born in Kolwezi (Democratic Republic
of the Congo), on 8 October 1975, residing professionally at 33a, Avenue J.-F.
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;

- Mr. Yves Wagner, born in Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg), on 16 November 1958, residing professionally at 19 rue de
Bitbourg, L-1273 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; and

- Mr. llyas Ahmad, born in Mumbai (India), on 18 March 1971,
residing professionally at 5 Broadgate, EC2M 2QS London, United Kingdom.

3. The registered office of the Company shall be at 33a, Avenue J.-
F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Expenses

The expenses, costs, fees and charges of any kind whatsoever which
will have to be borne by the Company as a result of this deed are estimated at
approximately one thousand three hundred Euro.

The undersigned notary, who understands English, states that, on
request of the appearing party, the present deed is worded in English, followed
by a French version and that, in case of any difference between the English and
the French text, the English text shall prevail.

Whereof the present notarial deed was drawn up in Esch-sur-Alzette, on
the date stated at the beginning of this document.

This document was read to the Representative, who is known to the
notary by his surname, first name, civil status and residence. This original deed
was then signed by the Representative together with the notary.

SUIT LA VERSION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L'an deux mil dix-huit, le vingtieme jour du mois de décembre.

par devant Maitre Jean-Paul MEYERS, notaire de residence a Esch-
sur-Alzette (Grand-Duché de Luxembourg),

a comparu :

Archmore SCSp, SICAV-SIF, une société en commandite spéciale
constituée selon les lois quembourgeoises, ayant son siege social a 80 route
d'Esch, L-1470 Luxembourg, enregistrée aupres du Registre de Commerce de

Luxembourg sous le numéro B220657 représentée par son associé

Page 17 sur 35


commandité Archmore GP S.à r.l., une société à responsabilité limitée
constituée selon les lois luxembourgeoises, ayant son sigège social a 80 route
d'Esch, L-1470 Luxembourg, enregistrée auprés du Registre de Commerce de
Luxembourg sous le numéro B219645, et agissant pour le compte son
compartiment Infrastructure Debt Platform ll Sub-Fund ll (l'« Associé
Fondateur »);

représentée par Madame Caroline RAMIER, ayant son adresse
professionnelle a Esch-sur—Alzette (le « Mandataire »), en vertu d'une
procuration, qui, après avoir été paraphée et signée "ne varietur" par le
Mandataire et le notaire instrumentant, sera annexée au présent acte aux fins
de formalisation.

L'Associé Fondateur, représenté par le Mandataire, a requis le notaire
de documenter comme suit les statuts d'une société à responsabilité limitée qu’il
déclare constituer.

ACTE DE CONSTITUTION DE ARCHMORE IDP ll SUB-FUND ll HOLDING l S.À

R.L.

FORME, DÉNOMINATION, SIÈGE SOCIAL, OBJET, DURÉE

1. Forme

1.1 Il est formé une société sous la forme d'une société à
responsabilité limitée (la « Société ») qui est régie par les lois du Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg, notamment par la loi luxembourgeoise du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle que modifiée (la « Loi »), par
l'article 1832 du Code civil luxembourgeois, tel que modifié, ainsi que par les
présents statuts (les « Statuts »).

1.2 La Société peut compter un associé unique ou plusieurs
associés (l'« Associé » ou les «Associés »), a condition que le nombre
d'Associés n’excède pas cent (100).

1.3 Si le nombre d’Associés excède (pour quelque raison que ce
soit) la limite de cent (100), la Société doit être convertie dans un délai d’un (1)
an a compter de la date a laquelle cette limite a été dépassée. Dans le cas où
la conversion n’a pas lieu, les autorités compétentes pourraient demander la
liquidation de la Société.

2. Dénomination

La Société existe sous la dénomination « Archmore IDP ll Sub-Fund ll

Holding l S.à r.l. ».

Page 18 sur 35


3. Siège Social

3.1 Le siège social de la Société est établi dans la municipalité de
Luxembourg-Ville.

3.2 Le gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le conseil de gérance de la
Société (le « Conseil » tel que défini à l'article 9.1) est autorisé à changer
l'adresse du siège social de la Société au sein de la municipalité du siège social
de la Société ou de toute autre municipalité du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg,
conformément à la Loi, et a modifier les présents Statuts en conséquence.

3.3 Des succursales ou autres bureaux peuvent être établis soit au
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, soit a l'étranger par une décision du Conseil.

3.4 Au cas où le Conseil estimerait que des événements
extraordinaires d'ordre politique, économique ou social seraient de nature à
compromettre l'activité normale de la Société a son siège social ou faciliter la
communication avec ledit siège ou entre ledit siège et des personnes a
l'étranger ou que de tels événements seraient imminents, elle pourra transférer
temporairement le siège social a l'étranger, jusqu'a cessation complète de ces
circonstances anormales. Cette mesure provisoire n'aura aucun effet sur la
nationalité de la Société, laquelle, nonobstant le transfert provisoire de son
siège social, restera régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

4. Objet social

4.1 La Société a pour objet social la prise de participations directes
et indirectes et la détention de ces participations dans toutes entreprises
luxembourgeoises ou étrangères ainsi que l’administration, la gestion et la mise
en valeur de ces participations.

Ceci inclut, mais n'est pas limité à l'investissement, l'acquisition, la
vente, l'octroi ou l'émission (sans offre publique concernant l’émission par la
Société d’instruments de capital et/ou autres instruments de dettes
convertibles) de certificats de capital préférentiels, prêts, obligations,
reconnaissances de dettes et autres formes de dettes (convertibles ou non),
parts sociales, bons de souscriptions et autres instruments de capital ou droits,
incluant sans limitation, des parts de capital social, participations dans une
association (limited partnership), participations dans une société à
responsabilité limitée (limited Iiability company), parts préférentielles, valeurs
mobilières et swaps, et toute combinaison de ce qui précède, qu'ils soient

facilement réalisables ou non, ainsi que des engagements (incluant mais non

Page 19 sur 35


limité a des engagements relatifs à des valeurs synthétiques) de sociétés,
entités ou autres personnes juridiques de tout type.

4.2 La Société peut employer ses fonds pour investir dans
l’immobilier, les droits de propriété intellectuelle ou dans tout autre actif mobilier
ou immobilier et ce, sous quelque forme que ce soit.

4.3 La Société peut accorder des gages, garanties, privilèges,
hypothèques et toute autre forme de sûretés ainsi que toute forme d'indemnités,
a des entités luxembourgeoises ou étrangères, en relation avec ses propres
obligations et dettes.

4.4 La Société peut accorder toute forme d'assistance (incluant mais
non limité à l'octroi d'avances, prêts, dépôts d'argent et crédits ainsi que l'octroi
de gages, garanties, privilèges, hypothèques et toute autre forme de suretés,
de toute sorte et forme) aux filiales de la Société. De manière plus
occasionnelle, la Société peut accorder le même type d'assistance aux sociétés
qui font partie du même groupe de sociétés que la Société ou a des tiers, sous
condition que cela tombe dans l'intérêt social et sans engendrer une obligation
d'une autorisation spécifique.

4.5 La Société peut généralement employer toutes techniques ou
instruments relatifs à ses investissements afin d'en assurer une gestion
efficace, y compris toutes techniques ou instruments visant à protéger la
Société contre les risques de crédit, cours de change, taux d'intérêts et autres
risques.

4.6 D'une manière générale, la Société peut effectuer toute
opération commerciale, industrielle ou financière et s'engager dans d’autres
activités qu'elle jugera nécessaire, conseillée, appropriée, incidente a ou non
contradictoire avec l'accomplissement et le développement de ce qui précède.

4.7 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société ne s'engagera dans
aucune transaction qui entraînerait son engagement dans une quelconque
activité qui serait considérée comme une activité réglementée ou qui requerrait
de la Société la possession de toute autre autorisation spécifique.

5. Durée

La Société est établie pour une durée illimitée.

Page 20 sur 35


CAPITAL SOCIAL, CESSION DE PARTS SOCIALES

6. Capital Social

6.1 Le capital social souscrit de la Société est fixé à douze mille
euros (EUR 12 000) divisé en douze mille (120) parts sociales ayant une valeur
nominale d'un euro (EUR 100) chacune.

6.2 Le capital de la Société peut être augmenté ou réduit par une
résolution de l’assemblée générale des associés de la Société (l’« Assemblée
Générale ») adoptée conformément aux dispositions exigées pour la
modification des présents Statuts.

6.3 En plus du capital social, les Associés peuvent décider d'établir
un compte prime d'émission. Toutes les primes payées sur des parts sociales
en plus de la valeur nominale doivent être transférées dans leur intégralité a ce
compte prime d'émission. L’avoir de ce compte de prime d'émission peut être
utilisé par la Société pour racheter les propres parts sociales de la Société de
ses Associés, pour compenser des pertes nettes réalisées, pour effectuer des
distributions aux Associés, ou pour allouer des fonds a la réserve légale.

6.4 En plus du capital social et du compte de prime d'émission, la
Société peut tenir un compte 115 « Apport en capitaux propres non rémunéré
par des titres» sur lequel la Société allouera tous les apports en capital à la
Société qui s'effectuera sans que la Société émette de nouvelles parts sociales
en contrepartie de l'apport concerné.

6.5 La Société peut acquérir ses propres parts sociales. Le Conseil
peut décider d’annuler les parts sociales rachetées et se prononcer sur la
réduction de capital correspondant au nombre de parts sociales rachetées mais
ne pouvant être inférieure au capital social minimal obligatoire, devant être
formalisée par un acte notarié. Cet acte notarié doit être établi au cours du mois
de l’annulation et de la décision du Conseil de réduire le capital.

6.6 Sans préjudice de la possibilité de la Société de racheter ses
propres parts sociales en vertu de l’article 6.9, la Société peut émettre en totalité
ou en partie des parts sociales rachetables (les « Parts Sociales
Rachetables »). Le capital social de la Société ne doit jamais être inférieur au
minimum obligatoire de douze mille euros (EUR 12.000).

6.7 Le Conseil peut décider de ne pas régler tout ou une partie du
prix de rachat des Parts Sociales Rachetables, si le Conseil estime que ce
rachat contraint la Société a ne pas s’acquitter de ses dettes à échéance. La

décision du Conseil de ne pas régler le prix de rachat suspend l’obligation de

Page 21 sur 35


racheter les Parts Sociales Rachetables auprès du/des détenteur(s) de ces
Parts Sociales Rachetables.

7. Parts sociales

7.1 Toutes les parts sociales sont et restent nominatives.

7.2 La propriété de toute part sociale implique l'acceptation des
présents Statuts et des résolutions prises par les Associés.

7.3 Chaque part sociale confère à chaque Associé une voix, sous
réserve des limitations imposées par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

7.4 Chaque part sociale de la Société est indivisible à l’égard de la
Société. Les propriétaires indivis de parts sociales sont tenus de se faire
représenter auprès de la Société par un mandataire commun. La Société a le
droit de suspendre l'exercice de tous les droits attachés à la part sociale jusqu'a
ce qu'un mandataire commun ait été notifié par les propriétaires à la Société
par écrit ou facsimilé.

8. Transfert de parts sociales

8.1 Les parts sociales et les parts sociales de fondateurs assorties
de droits de vote peuvent être librement cédées entre les Associés.

8.2 Lorsque la Société a un Associé unique, cet Associé peut
transférer ses parts sociales librement

8.3 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, tout
transfert de parts sociales a des tiers requiert l’agrément des Associés
représentant au moins la moitié du capital social émis.

8.4 Si un Associé entend transférer une ou plusieurs parts sociales
a un tiers, l’Associé cédant doit remettre une notification à la Société
comprenant toutes les informations utiles du projet de transfert, y compris
l’identité du cessionnaire, le prix de transfert, et, le cas échéant, les conditions
applicables au transfert.

8.5 Si le projet de transfert n’est pas approuvé par les Associés
conformément à l’article 8.3, les Associés peuvent, dans les trois (3) mois
suivant la date de refus de la Société, acquérir la ou les parts sociales, sauf
accord contraire, ou obtenir l’acquisition de la ou des parts sociales a un prix
devant être déterminé entre les parties a ce moment et aux conditions du projet
de transfert décrites à l’article 8.4 et autres conditions négociées entre les
parties, à l’exception de l’associé cédant décidant de ne pas poursuivre le
transfert. À la demande du Conseil, la période de trois (3) mois peut être

prolongée par lejuge du tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg, siégeant en

Page 22 sur 35


matière commerciale comme en référé, étant entendu que cette prolongation
ne devra pas être supérieure a six (6) mois.

8.6 La Société peut dans ce même délai et avec l’agrément de
l’Associé cédant, décider (i) de réduire son capital social d’un montant
correspondant a la valeur nominale globale de la (des) part(s) sociale(s)
concernée(s) et (ii) de racheter et annuler ces parts sociales a un prix déterminé
conformément à l'article 8.5. Si les associés cédants ne consentent pas a la
réduction du capital, le transfert aura alors lieu conformément aux articles 8.3
et 8.5.

8.7 Lorsque la Société est composée de plusieurs Associés, tout
transfert de parts sociales et de parts sociales assorties de droits de vote des
fondateurs a des tiers en raison du décès d’un Associé requiert l’agrément des
Associés représentant au moins la moitié du capital social appartenant aux
Associés survivants.

8.8 Si à l’issue de la période mentionnée en vertu de l’article 8.5 ni
les Associés existants n’ont acquis ni la Société n’a racheté ses parts sociales,
l’Associé cédant pourra vendre ses parts sociales librement au nouvel ou aux
nouveaux associés envisagés au prix et aux conditions de transfert qui ont été
notifiés a la Société.

8.9 Tout transfert de parts sociales doit être formalisé par un acte
notarié ou sous seing privé. Un tel transfert de parts sociales n'est opposable à
la Société et aux tiers qu’après qu'après avoir été signifié a la Société ou
accepté par elle conformément au droit luxembourgeois applicable en matière
de transfert de créances, notamment, sans s’y limiter, à l'article 1690 du Code
civil luxembourgeois.

GÉRANCE, COMMISSAIRE AUX COMPTES

9. Gérants

9.1 La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants, associés ou
non (individuellement le « Gérant » ensemble les « Gérants »).

9.2 Les Gérants sont nommés par les Associés, qui fixent (i) leur
nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) le caractère limité ou illimité de leur mandat.

9.3 Chaque Gérant exercera ses fonctions jusqu'a ce que son
successeur soit nommé. Il peut être renommé(e) et révoqué(e) a tout moment
par les Associés, avec ou sans motif.

9.4 Les Associés peuvent décider de qualifier les Gérants nommés

de gérants de catégorie A et de gérants de catégorie B, respectivement.

Page 23 sur 35


9.5 Le(s) Gérant(s) ne révéleront pas, même après le terme de leur
mandat, des informations confidentielles de la Société ou toute information
concernant la Société dont la révélation pourrait porter préjudice aux intérêts de
la Société, excepté lorsqu'une telle révélation est obligatoire parla loi.

9.6 Le Gérant unique ou, selon le cas, le Conseil peut déléguer ses
pouvoirs de gestion journalière, de conduite des affaires et de représentation
de la Société pour ce qui concerne cette gestion journalière et cette conduite
des affaires à n’importe quel Gérant ou toute autre personne, Associé ou non,
agissant seul ou conjointement, selon des modalités que le Gérant unique ou,
selon le cas, le Conseil déterminera. La révocation de leur nomination et leurs
pouvoirs sont déterminés soit par les présents Statuts soit par une décision du
Conseil.

10. Conseil de Gérance

10.1 Si plus d'un Gérant a été nommé, les Gérants constitueront un
conseil (le « Conseil »).

10.2 Le Conseil choisira parmi ses membres un président (le
« Président du Conseil »).

11. Pouvoirs du Conseil

11.1 Le Conseil est investi des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir au
nom et pour le compte de la Société et pour accomplir et autoriser au nom et
pour le compte de la Société tous les actes d'administration ou de disposition
qu’elle jugera a sa seule discrétion nécessaires ou utiles pour la réalisation de
l'objet social de la Société. Tous les pouvoirs qui ne sont pas expressément
réservés par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par les présents
Statuts aux Associés sont de la compétence du Conseil.

11.2 Le Conseil peut aussi créer un ou plusieurs comité(s) et
déterminer sa/leur composition et ses/leurs pouvoirs et leur déléguer certains
pouvoirs et/ou mandats spéciaux.

11.3 Le Conseil peut conférer certains pouvoirs ou mandats spéciaux
pour agir au nom et pour le compte de et engager la Société envers les tiers à
un ou plusieurs Gérants, Associés ou tiers, agissant chacun soit seul ou
conjointement tel que déterminé par le Conseil.

12. Réunions du Conseil et résolutions circulaires

12.1 Le Conseil se réunira a la demande de tout Gérant et, lorsqu’il
est composé de Gérants de catégorie A et de Gérants de catégorie B, par au

moins un Gérant de chaque catégorie.

Page 24 sur 35


12.2 Le Président du Conseil, ou tout Gérant ou représentant autorisé
si aucun Président du Conseil n'a été nommé, indiquera aux autres Gérants le
lieu, la date, l'heure et l'ordre du jour de la réunion par avis écrit ou par courriel.
Aucune convocation spéciale ne sera requise pour les réunions se tenant en
des lieux, dates et heures spécifiés dans un calendrier préalablement adopté
par le Conseil et en cas d'urgence.

12.3 Il pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée ci-dessus
avec l'accord écrit du/des Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement unanime
de tous les Gérants donné a la réunion du Conseil concernée.

12.4 Lors de chaque réunion du Conseil, ce dernier désignera le
président de la réunion concernée a la majorité des Gérants présents ou
représentés à cette réunion.

12.5 Le Conseil pourra également nommer un secrétaire, Gérant ou
non, qui sera responsable de la tenue des procès-verbaux de la réunion.

12.6 Chaque Gérant pourra participer et agir aux réunions du Conseil
en désignant par le biais d'une procuration écrite un autre Gérant comme son
mandataire, dans la limite d'une procuration par Gérant participant a la réunion.

12.7 Exceptionnellement, si un ou plusieurs Gérants n’est pas (ne
sont pas) en mesure de participer physiquement à une réunion du Conseil, ce(s)
Gérant(s) pourra (pourront) participer et exprimer sa (leur) voix lors d’une
réunion du Conseil par conférence téléphonique ou par vidéoconférence
effectuée depuis Luxembourg ou par tout moyen de télécommunication
similaire permettant à plusieurs personnes de communiquer l'une avec l'autre,
sous réserve qu’au moins deux (2) Gérants soient physiquement présents à
Luxembourg pour participer a la réunion du Conseil. Ces participations doivent
être considérées comme équivalentes à une présence physique a la réunion à
Luxembourg.

12.8 Un quorum du Conseil est atteint par la présence ou la
représentation d’une majorité des Gérants en fonction, a condition, le cas
échéant, qu’au moins un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie B
soient présents. Les décisions seront prises à la majorité des votes des Gérants
présents ou représentés à la réunion concernée et cette majorité devra au
moins, selon le cas, inclure un Gérant de catégorie A et un Gérant de catégorie
B. En cas de parité des votes, le Président du Conseil n’a pas de voix

prépondérante.

Page 25 sur 35


12.9 Les procès-verbaux des réunions du Conseil doivent être
établies par écrit et signées par tous les Gérants présents ou représentés à la
réunion en question. Toutes les procurations y seront annexées.

12.10 Une décision écrite par voie circulaire signée par tous les
Gérants est régulière et valable comme si elle avait été adoptée à une réunion
du Conseil dûment convoquée et tenue au siège social de la Société. Une telle
décision pourra être documentée soit par un seul écrit signé par tous les
Gérants soit par plusieurs écrits séparés ayant le même contenu signés chacun
par un ou plusieurs Gérants.

12.11 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, ce Gérant est investi des
pouvoirs les plus étendus pour agir au nom et pour le compte de et engager
valablement la Société sans avoir à établir des décisions écrites ou des procès-
verbaux des décisions du Gérant unique.

12.12 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux du Conseil seront
certifiés par le Conseil.

13. Représentation de la Société

13.1 Lorsqu'un seul Gérant a été nommé, la Société sera engagée
vis-à-vis des tiers par la signature individuelle de ce Gérant ainsi que par la
signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne a qui ledit Gérant aura
délégué son pouvoir de signature, dans les limites dudit pouvoir.

13.2 Lorsque la Société est gérée par un Conseil, la Société sera
engagée vis-à-vis des tiers parla signature conjointe de deux Gérants ainsi que
par la signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne a qui ledit Gérant
aura délégué son pouvoir de signature, dans les limites dudit pouvoir.

13.3 Nonobstant ce qui précède, la Société sera engagée vis-à-vis
des tiers uniquement par les signatures conjointes d’un gérant de catégorie A
et un gérant de catégorie B si l'associé unique ou les Associés (selon le cas)
ont qualifié les Gérants de gérants de catégorie A et gérants de catégorie B,
ainsi que parla signature conjointe ou individuelle de toute personne a qui des
pouvoirs valides de représentation ont été délégués par le Conseil, dans les
limites de ce pouvoir.

14. Conflit d'intérêts

14.1 Conformément à ce qui suit, les règles de conflit d’intérêts telles
qu’énoncées à l’article 441-7 de la Loi s’appliqueront.

14.2 Aucun contrat ou autre transaction entre la Société et une

société ou entité tierce ne sera affecté ou invalidé par le seul fait qu'un ou

Page 26 sur 35


plusieurs représentants valablement autorisés de la Société, y inclus
notamment tout Gérant, (i) aient un intérêt financier direct ou indirect entrant en
conflit avec la participation de la Société dans ledit tiers ou (ii) sont des
représentants valablement autorisés et/ou associés dudit tiers (le
« Représentant en Conflit »).

14.3 Sauf stipulation contraire prévue ci-après, le Représentant en
Conflit ne sera pas automatiquement empêché de participer aux délibérations
ou de voter concernant cette opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction.
Concernant tous les contrats ou autres affaires (i) ne relevant pas de la gestion
journalière de la Société, (ii) qui ne sont pas conclus dans le cours normal des
affaires de la Société et (iii) qui ne sont pas conclus selon le principe de pleine
concurrence, le Représentant en Conflit devra informer le Conseil de cet intérêt
personnel et s’interdira de délibérer ou de voter concernant cette opération ou
autre transaction, et les Associés devront être notifiés de cette opération ou
transaction et de l’intérêt du Représentant en Conflit. Si, en raison de conflits
d’intérêts concernant une opération, un contrat ou toute autre transaction
spécifique, les exigences prévues à l’article 12.8 des présents Statuts afin de
délibérer et de voter au sujet de cette opération, de ce contrat ou de toute autre
transaction ne sont pas respectées, le Conseil peut décider de soumettre la
décision relative à cette opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction à
l’approbation de l’Assemblée Générale.

14.4 Si le Représentant en Conflit est le Gérant unique, le contrat ou
autre transaction en question (i) qui n’est pas conclu dans le cours normal des
affaires de la Société et (ii) qui n’est pas conclu selon le principe de pleine
concurrence devra être approuvé par l’Assemblée Générale ou l’Associé unique
(selon le cas).

14.5 Le(s) délégué(s) a la gestion journalière de la Société sont, le
cas échéant, soumis mutatis mutandis aux articles 14.2 a 14.4 des présents
Statuts. Si un seul (1) délégué à la gestion journalière a été nommé et devient
un Représentant en Conflit, la décision en question doit être adoptée par le
Conseil. Si, en raison de conflits d’intérêts concernant une opération, un contrat
ou toute autre opération spécifique, les exigences prévues à l’article 12.8 des
présents Statuts afin de délibérer et de voter au sujet de cette opération, de ce
contrat ou de toute autre transaction ne sont pas respectées, le(s) délégué(s) a
la gestion journalière peut/peuvent décider de soumettre la décision relative à

cette opération, ce contrat ou autre transaction à l’approbation du Conseil.

Page 27 sur 35


15. Indemnisation des Gérants

15.1 La Société indemnisera son ou ses Gérant(s) et (le cas échéant)
ses héritiers, exécuteurs et administrateurs testamentaires, des dommages et
des dépenses raisonnables faites par celui/ceux-ci en relation avec toute action,
procès ou procédure a laquelle il/ils a/ont pu être partie en raison de sa/leur
fonction passée ou actuelle de Gérant(s) de la Société ou, a la demande de la
Société, de toute autre société dans laquelle la Société est associée ou
créancière et par laquelle il/ils n'est/ne sont pas autorisé(s) a être indemnisé(s)
par cette autre société.

15.2 L'indemnisation ne sera due que si le/les Gérant(s) ne sont pas
condamnés lors d'une action, un procès ou une procédure pour grosse
négligence ou faute grave.

15.3 En cas de règlement à l'amiable d'un conflit, des indemnités ne
seront accordées que si et dans la mesure où la Société a reçu confirmation
par son conseillerjuridique que le/les Gérant(s) n'a/ont pas commis de violation
à ses/leurs devoirs.

15.4 Le prédit droit d'indemnisation n'exclut pas d'autres droits que le
ou les Gérant(s) concerné(s) ou (le cas échéant) ses héritiers, exécuteurs et
administrateurs testamentaires, peuvent revendiquer.

16. Commissaire aux comptes

16.1 Si aucun réviseur d'entreprise agréé n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société compte plus de soixante (60)
Associés, les comptes annuels de la Société seront audités par un ou plusieurs
commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s) ou non.

16.2 Si aucun réviseur d'entreprise agréé n'est requis par les lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et que la Société ne compte pas plus de soixante
(60) Associés, les Associés pourront, sans en être obligés, faire auditer les
comptes annuels par un ou plusieurs commissaire(s) aux comptes, Associé(s)
ou non.

16.3 Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes sera/seront nommé(s) par les
Associés qui détermineront (i) leur nombre, (ii) leur rémunération et (iii) la durée
de leur mandat. Le(s) commissaire(s) aux comptes resteront en fonction jusqu’à
ce que leurs successeurs soient élus. Ils sont rééligibles et peuvent être

révoqués atout moment, avec ou sans motif, par les Associés.

Page 28 sur 35


Assocués

17. Résolutions des Associés

17.1 Les Associés prennent leurs décisions en adoptant des
résolutions soit en Assemblée Générale soit, sous réserve des limitations des
présents Statuts et des Iois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, par une résolution
écrite.

17.2 Chaque part sociale donne droit ä une voix, sauf disposition
contraire prévue parles lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

17.3 Toute modification des Statuts (y compris le changement de
nationalité de la société) devra être approuvée par les Associés représentant
les trois-quarts (3/4) du capital social émis de la Société, sauf disposition
contraire prévue par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg ou par les
présents Statuts.

17.4 Toutes autres résolutions des Associés devront être approuvées
par les Associés représentant plus de la moitié du capital social émis de la
Société, sauf disposition contraire prévue par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg ou par les présents Statuts. Dans le cas où le quorum ne serait
pas atteint lors de la première réunion, les Associés seront convoqués ou
consultés une seconde fois, par lettre recommandée, et les décisions seront
adoptées par une majorité en nombre des voix exprimées, indépendamment de
la part du capital social émis représenté par ces voix.

17.5 Le Conseil pourra suspendre les droits de vote de tout Associé
en violation de ses obligations découlant des présents Statuts et/ou d’autres
arrangements contractuels conclus par cet Associé.

17.6 Un Associé pourra décider individuellement de ne pas exercer,
de manière provisoire ou permanente, tout ou partie de ses droits de vote.
L’Associé qui renonce à cet exercice est lié par cette renonciation qui deviendra
obligatoire pour la Société sur notification de cette dernière.

17.7 En cas de suspension des droits de vote d’un ou de plusieurs
Associés conformément à l’article 17.5 des présentes ou en cas de renonciation
par un ou plusieurs Associés à exercer les droits de vote conformément à
l’article 17.6 des présentes, ces Associés peuvent participer a toute Assemblée
Générale. Toutefois, les parts sociales qu’ils détiennent ne sont pas prises en
compte pour la détermination des conditions du quorum et de la majorité a

respecter à l’Assemblée Générale.

Page 29 sur 35


18. Résolutions écrites

18.1 Si la Société compte soixante (60) Associés ou moins, les
décisions des Associés ne devront pas nécessairement être adoptées lors
d’Assemblées Générales mais pourront également être adoptées par voix
circulaire.

18.2 Les résolutions a adopter par voix circulaire seront envoyées aux
Associés par écrit par le Conseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou
facsimilé. Les Associés ont l'obligation de voter et de renvoyer leur bulletin de
vote au COnseil par courrier recommandé, lettre, e-mail ou facsimilé endéans
quinze (15)jours a compter dela réception de la lettre. Tous les votes non émis
durant cette période seront considérés comme une abstention de vote.

18.3 Il est possible de déroger aux exigences énoncées à l’article 18.2
des Statuts concernant l'adoption de résolutions écrites par les Associés par
décision écrite unanime de tous les Associés dans une résolution écrite
appropriée ou autrement.

18.4 Les exigences énoncées à l’article 18.2 des Statuts concernant
l'adoption de résolutions écrites par les Associés ne s'appliqueront pas si la
Société ne compte qu'un Associé. Toutes les résolutions adoptées par un
Associé unique devront, en revanche, être documentées par écrit et signées
par l'Associé unique.

18.5 Toutes les copies ou tous les extraits des résolutions écrites des
Associés devront être certifiés par le Conseil.

19. Assemblées Générales

19.1 Il sera nécessaire de tenir une Assemblée Générale uniquement
si la Société compte plus de soixante (60) Associés. Dans ce cas, cette
Assemblée Générale annuelle se tiendra conformément à la Loi.

19.2 Les Assemblées Générales sont convoquées conformément aux
lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg par notification du Conseil, du/des
commissaire(s) aux comptes de la Société ou de l’/des Associé(s) représentant
au moins la moitié du capital social émis de la Société (selon le cas).

19.3 Une Assemblée Générale pourra uniquement être tenue à
l'étranger si, selon le Conseil, cela est nécessaire dû a des circonstances de
force majeure.

19.4 L'avis convoquant l'Assemblée Générale indiquera le lieu, la
date, l’heure et l’ordre du jour de l’assemblée et sera envoyé au moins huit (8)

jours avant l'assemblée. Il pourra être passé outre la convocation mentionnée

Page 30 sur 35


ci-dessus par l'accord écrit du/des Associé(s) concerné(s) ou le consentement
écrit unanime de tous les Associés lors de l’assemblée des Associés
concernée.

19.5 Toute Assemblée Générale dûment constituée représente tous
les Associés de la Société.

19.6 Si la Société ne compte qu'un Associé unique, cet Associé
unique exerce les pouvoirs accordés à l'Assemblée Générale par la loi
applicable et les présents Statuts. Les articles 710-18 a 710-22 et 710-26 de la
Loi ne s'appliquent pas a ce cas de figure.

20. Procédure lors des Assemblées Générales

20.1 Un Associé peut participer a une Assemblée Générale en
désignant par écrit ou facsimilé un représentant, lequel ne doit pas
nécessairement être Associé.

20.2 L'/les Associé(s) peut/peuvent participer a une Assemblée
Générale par conférence téléphonique, visioconférence ou par tout autre
moyen de communication similaire permettant aux participants de
communiquer entre eux. Cette participation équivaut à une présence physique
a la réunion en question.

20.3 Le Conseil peut déterminer toutes les autres conditions qui
doivent être remplies pour participer a une Assemblée Générale.

20.4 Lors de chaque assemblée des Associés, les Associés
nommeront le président de la réunion en question par un vote de la majorité
des Associés présents ou représentés à cette assemblée (le « Président de
l'Assemblée Générale »).

20.5 Le Président de l'Assemblée Générale désignera un secrétaire.
Les Associés désigneront un ou plusieurs scrutateur(s). Le Président de
l'Assemblée Générale conjointement avec le secrétaire et le(s) scrutateur(s)
formeront le bureau de l'Assemblée Générale (le « Bureau »).

20.6 Une liste de présence indiquant (i) le nom des Associés, (ii) le
nombre de parts sociales qu'ils détiennent et, le cas échéant, (iii) le nom du
représentant, sera rédigée et signée par les membres du Bureau.

20.7 Les procès-verbaux des décisions de l'Assemblée Générale
seront rédigés et signés par le Bureau.

20.8 Les copies ou extraits des procès-verbaux de l'Assemblée
Générale seront certifiés par le Conseil.

Page 31 sur 35


21. Droit d’information

Un ou plusieurs Associé(s) détenant ensemble au moins dix pour cent
(10 %) du capital social ou des droits de vote de la Société pourront soumettre
au Conseil toute question par écrit concernant des opérations en lien avec le
Conseil de la Société et des sociétés contrôlées par la Société ; s’agissant de
cette dernière, ces questions seront examinées en tenant compte des intérêts
sociaux des entités pertinentes. En l’absence de réponse dans un délai d’un (1)
mois, l’/les Associé(s) concerné(s) pourra/pourront demander au juge du
tribunal d’arrondissement de Luxembourg siégeant en matière commerciale
comme en référé, de nommer un ou plusieurs experts chargés de présenter un
rapport sur ces opérations connexes visées dans la/les question(s) écrite(s).

EXERCICE SOCIAL, DISTRIBUTIONS DES GAINS

22. Exercice social

L’exercice social de la Société commence le premier jour du mois de
janvier et finit le dernierjour du mois de décembre.

23. Approbation des comptes annuels

23.1 A la fin de chaque exercice social, les comptes sont arrêtés et le
Conseil établit les comptes annuels de la Société conformément aux lois du
Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

23.2 Le Conseil soumettra les comptes annuels de la Société au(x)
commissaire(s) aux comptes, le cas échéant, pour revue et aux Associés pour
approbation.

23.3 Tout Associé peut prendre connaissance des comptes annuels
au siège social de la Société tel que prévu par les lois du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg.

24. Affectation des bénéfices

24.1 Il est prélevé sur le bénéfice net annuel de la Société (selon le
cas) 5% (cinq pour cent) qui sont affectés a la réserve légale (la « Réserve
Légale »). Ce prélèvement cessera d'être obligatoire lorsque la Réserve Légale
aura atteint 10% (dix pour cent) du capital social de la Société, et il deviendra a
nouveau obligatoire si la Réserve Légale descend en dessous du seuil de 10%
(dix pour cent) du capital social de la Société.

24.2 Après l’allocation a la Réserve Légale, les Associés
détermineront l’affectation de l’excédent des profits nets annuels. Les Associés
pourront décider d’allouer tout ou partie de l’excédent a une réserve ou a une

provision, de le reporter a l’année financière suivante ou de le distribuer, avec

Page 32 sur 35


les profits reportés d’années financières précédentes, les réserves distribuables
ou la prime d’émissions aux associés en tant que dividende.

25. Dividendes intérimaires

25.1 Le Conseil est autorisé à verser des acomptes sur dividendes
sur la base de comptes intérimaires actuels et a condition que ces comptes
intérimaires montrent que la Société ait suffisamment de fonds disponibles pour
une telle distribution, conformément aux conditions énoncées à l’article 710-25
de la Loi.

DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION

26. Dissolution et liquidation

26.1 La Société peut être dissoute par une décision des Associés
délibérant aux mêmes conditions de quorum et de majorité que celles exigées
pour la modification des Statuts, sauf disposition contraire des lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg.

26.2 En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation s’effectuera par
les soins d’un ou de plusieurs liquidateur(s) nommé(s) par les Associés qui
détermineront leurs pouvoirs et leur rémunération.

26.3 Après paiement de toutes les dettes et charges de la Société, y
inclus les taxes et frais de liquidation, l’actif net restant de la Société sera réparti
équitablement entre tous les Associés au prorata du nombre de parts qu’ils
déﬁennent

LOI APPLICABLE

27. Loi applicable

Toutes les matières qui ne sont pas régies par les présents Statuts
seront réglées conformément aux dispositions applicables du droit
luxembourgeois.

Souscription et libération

Suite a quoi, l'Associé Fondateur, représenté par le Mandataire, déclare
souscrire aux cent-vingt (120) parts sociales d’une valeur nominale de cent
euros (EUR 100,-) chacune émises parla Société.

La preuve de ce paiement a été apportée au notaire instrumentant qui
déclare que les conditions prévues à l'article 710-6 de la loi du 10 août 1915
concernant les sociétés commerciales, tel que modifié par l’article 1832 du code
civil luxembourgeois, tel que modifié, ont été respectées et témoigne

expressément que ces conditions ont été remplies.

Page 33 sur 35


Dispositions Transitoires

La première année sociale de la Société commencera cejour et finira le
31 décembre 2019.

Assemblée Générale Extraordinaire des Associés

L’Associé Fondateur, représenté par le Mandataire, en sa qualité
d'associé unique de la Société, a adopté les résolutions d'associés suivantes:

1. La Société est représentée par trois (3) gérants (les
« Gérants »).

2. Les personnes suivantes sont nommées en tant que Gérants de
la Société pour une durée illimitée:

- M. Amaury Zinga-Botao, né à Kolwezi (République
Démocratique du Congo), le 8 octobre 1975, demeurant professionnellement
au 33a, Avenue J.-F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg;

- M. Yves Wagner, né à Luxembourg (Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg), le 16 novembre 1958 demeurant professionnellement 19 rue de
Bitbourg, L-1273 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg;

- M. llyas Ahmad, né à Mumbai (Inde), le 18 mars 1971,
demeurant professionnellement au 5 Broadgate, ECZM 2QS Londres,
Royaume-Uni;

3. Le siège social de la Société est fixé au 33a, Avenue J.-F.
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Dépenses

Le montant des frais, dépenses, rémunérations ou charges, sous
quelque forme que ce soit qui incombent a la Société ou qui sont mis a sa
charge en raison de sa constitution, s'élève à environ mille trois cents euros.

Déclarations

Le notaire soussigné qui comprend et parle l'Anglais, déclare qu'a la
requête de la partie comparante, le présent acte est établi en langue anglaise,
suivi d'une version française. Ala requête de cette même partie comparante, et
en cas de distorsions entre la version anglaise et française, la version anglaise
fera foi.

Dont acte, fait et passé, date qu'en tête des présentes, à Esch-sur-
Alzette.

Et après lecture faite et interprétation donnée a la mandataire de la

partie comparante, connue du notaire par son nom de famille, son prénom, son

Page 34 sur 35


statut ladite mandataire a signé ensemble avec |e notaire, l'original du présent

acte.

/signé/ C. RAMIER, Jean-Paul Meyers.

Enregistré à Esch/Alzette Actes Civils, |e 24 décembre2018
Relation : EAC/2018/33089

Reçu soixante-quinze euros

75,00 €

Le Receveur / signé / Tania SCHMITT

Esch-sur—Alzette, |e 24 décembre 2018.

Page 35 sur 35


