Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations

Numéro RCS : 8230602

Référence de publication : RESA_2019_004.34
Publié au RESA N° RESA_2019_004 le 04/01/2019

Déposé le 04/01/2019

AGCF European Senior Income Fund S.à r.l.
Société à responsabilité limitée
Siège social: 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg,

Grand-Duché de Luxembourg

CONSTITUTION DE SOCIETE DU 11 DECEMBRE 2018
NUMERO 3567/2018

In the year two thousand and eighteen, on the eleventh day of December.
Before Maître Henri Hellinckx, notary, residing in Luxembourg-city,
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

THERE APPEARS:

Ares Global Credit Fund S.C.A., SICAV-RAIF, a société en commandite
par actions, incorporated as a socie’te’ d’investissement à capital variable — fonds
d’investissement alternative re’serve’, and existing under the laws of the Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the
Luxembourg Trade and Companies’ Register under number B218194, for and on
behalf of its compartment Ares European Senior Income Fund Ares European
Senior Income, represented by its managing general partner (associe’ gérant
commandite’) Ares Global Credit GP, S.à r.l., a société à responsabilité limitée,
incorporated and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,
having its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered With the Luxembourg Trade and
Companies’ Register under number B217859 (the Sole Shareholder),

hereby represented by Mr Olivier Maciejewski, professionally residing

PAGE 1


professionally in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, by virtue of a power of
attorney given under private seal (the Attorney).

The power of attorney of the Sole Shareholder, after having been initialled
ne varietur by the Attorney and by the undersigned notary, shall remain attached
to the present deed and be submitted with this deed to the registration authorities.

The Sole Shareholder requests the undersigned notary to record the
following articles of association of a private limited liability company (société à
responsabilité limitée), which it hereby declares to incorporate:

I. Name - Registered ofﬁce - Object - Duration

Art. 1. Name. There exists a private limited liability company (société à
responsabilité limitée) under the name “AGCF European Senior Income Fund
S.à r.l.” (hereafter the Company), governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of
Luxembourg and, in particular, by the law dated 10th August 1915, on
commercial companies, as amended (hereafter the Law), as well as by the present
articles of incorporation (hereafter the Articles).

Art. 2. Registered ofﬁce.

2.1. The registered office of the Company is established in Luxembourg-
City, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be transferred within such
municipality or to any other place in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by means
of a resolution of the Company’s sole shareholder or by a resolution of the board
of managers of the Company, which will then, in that latter case, be authorised to
amend the Articles to reﬂect the completion of the transfer.

2.2. Branches, subsidiaries or other offices may be established either in the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or abroad by a resolution of the board of managers
of the Company. Where the board of managers of the Company determines that
extraordinary political or military developments or events have occurred or are
imminent and that these developments or events would interfere with the normal
activities of the Company at its registered office, or with the ease of
communication between such office and persons abroad, the registered office may
be temporarily transferred abroad until the complete cessation of these
extraordinary circumstances. Such temporary measures shall have no effect on the
nationality of the Company, which, notwithstanding the temporary transfer of its

registered office, will remain a Luxembourg incorporated company.

PAGE 2


Art. 3. Object.

3.1. The object of the Company is the acquisition of participations, in
Luxembourg or abroad, in any companies or enterprises in any form whatsoever
and the management of such participations. The Company may in particular
acquire by subscription, purchase, and exchange or in any other manner any stock,
shares and other participation, securities, bonds, debentures, certificates of deposit
and other debt instruments and more generally any securities and financial
instruments issued by any public or private entity whatsoever. It may participate
in the creation, development, management and control of any company or
enterprise. It may further invest in the acquisition and management of a portfolio
of patents or other intellectual property rights of any nature or origin whatsoever.

3.2. The Company may borrow in any form except by way of public offer. It
may issue by way of private placement only, notes, bonds and debentures and any
kind of debt and/ or equity securities. The Company may acquire participations in
loans and/or lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of
debt securities to its subsidiaries, affiliated companies or to any other company. It
may also give guarantees and grant securities in favor of third parties to secure its
obligations or the obligations of its subsidiaries, affiliated companies or any other
company. The Company may further pledge, transfer, encumber or otherwise
create security over all or over some of its assets.

3.3. The Company may generally employ any techniques and instruments
relating to its investments for the purpose of their efficient management, including
techniques and instruments designed to protect the Company against credit,
currency exchange, interest rate risks and other risks.

3.4. The Company may carry out any commercial, financial or industrial
operations and any transactions with respect to real estate or movable property,
which directly or indirectly favour or relate to its object.

Art. 4. Duration.

4.1. The Company is formed for an unlimited period of time.

4.2. The Company shall not be dissolved by reason of the death, suspension
of civil rights, incapacity, insolvency, bankruptcy or any similar event affecting its
sole shareholder.

II. Capital - Shares

Art. 5. Capital.

PAGE 3


5.1. The Company's corporate capital is fixed at twenty thousand five
hundred United States dollars (USD 20,000) represented by twenty thousand
(20,000) shares (collectively the Shares, and individually the Share) with a
nominal value of one United States dollar (USD 1) each, all subscribed and fully
paid-up.

5.2. The share capital of the Company may be increased or reduced one or
several times by a resolution of the sole shareholder adopted in the manner
required for amendment of these Articles.

5.3. The sole shareholder may contribute to the Company as capital surplus
and amounts so contributed shall be freely distributable. Capital surplus shall
mean the amounts (a) contributed by the sole shareholder to the Company without
any shares being issued in exchange, and (b) allocated in the accounts of the
Company to the non-share contribution account (account 115 “capital contribution
without the issuance of new shares” of the Luxembourg standard chart of account
of 10 June 2009).

Art. 6. Shares.

6.1. The Company will not have more than one shareholder.

Each Share confers the right to a fraction of the corporate assets and profits
of the Company in direct proportion to the number of Shares in existence.

6.2. A share transfer will only be binding upon the Company or third parties
following a notification to, or acceptance by, the Company in accordance with
article 1690 of the civil code.

For all other matters, reference is made to articles 710-12 and 710-13 of the
Law.

6.3. A shareholders' register will be kept at the registered office of the
Company in accordance with the provisions of the Law and may be examined by
the sole shareholder.

6.4. The Company may redeem its own Shares within the limits set forth by
the Law.

III. Management - Representation

Art. 7. Board of managers.

7.1. The Company is managed by one or several managers appointed by a
resolution of the sole shareholder which sets the term of their office. In case more

than one manager is appointed, the managers shall constitute the board of

PAGE 4


managers. The managers need not be shareholder(s).

7.2. The managers may be dismissed at any time ad nutum (without any
reason), by a resolution of the sole shareholder.

Art. 8. Powers of the board of managers.

8.1. All powers not expressly reserved by the Law or the present Articles to
the sole shareholder fall within the competence of the board of managers, which
shall have all powers to carry out and approve all acts and operations consistent
with the Company's object.

8.2. Special and limited powers may be delegated for determined matters to
one or more agents, by the board of managers of the Company.

Art. 9. Procedure.

9.1. The board of managers shall meet as often as the Company's interests so
require or upon call of any manager at the place indicated in the convening notice,
provided that all such meetings shall take place in Luxembourg.

9.2. Written notice of any meeting of the board of managers shall be given
to all managers at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of the date set for such
meeting, except in case of emergency, in which case the nature of such
circumstances shall be set forth in the convening notice of the meeting of the
board of managers.

9.3. No such convening notice is required if all the members of the board of
managers of the Company are present or represented at the meeting and if they
state to have been duly informed, and to have had full knowledge of the agenda of
the meeting. The notice may be waived by the consent in writing, whether in
original, by telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail, of each member of the board of
managers of the Company.

9.4. Any manager may act at any meeting of the board of managers by
appointing in writing another manager as his proxy.

9.5. The board of managers can validly deliberate and act only if a majority
of its members attending are Luxembourg residents. Resolutions of the board of
managers are validly taken by the majority of the votes cast. The resolutions of the
board of managers will be recorded in minutes signed by the chairman or by any
two (2) managers. Copies or extracts of such minutes which may be produced in
judicial proceedings or otherwise shall be signed by the chairman or by any two

(2) managers, or by any person duly appointed to that effect by the board of

PAGE 5


managers.

9.6. Any manager may participate in any meeting of the board of managers
by telephone or video conference call or by any other similar means of
communication allowing all the persons taking part in the meeting to hear and
speak to each other. The participation in a meeting by these means is deemed
equivalent to a participation in person at such meeting.

9.7. Circular resolutions signed by all the managers shall be valid and
binding in the same manner as if passed at a meeting duly convened and held.
Such signatures may appear on a single document or on multiple copies of an
identical resolution and may be evidenced by letter or facsimile.

Art. 10. Representation.

The Company shall be bound towards third parties in all matters by the
signature of the sole manager or, in case of several managers, by the joint
signatures of any two (2) managers or by the joint or sole signatures of any
person(s) to whom such signatory power has been validly delegated in accordance
with article 8.2. of these Articles.

Art. 11. Liability of the managers.

The managers assume, by reason of their mandate, no personal liability in
relation to any commitment validly made by them in the name of the Company,
provided such commitment is in compliance with these Articles as well as the
applicable provisions of the Law.

Art. 12. Conﬂicts of interest.

12.1. Procedure regarding conﬂicts of interest.

In the event that a manager of the Company has, directly or indirectly, a
financial interest opposite to the interest of the Company in any transaction of the
Company that is submitted to the approval of the board of managers, such
manager shall make known to the board of managers such opposite interest at that
board of managers meeting and shall cause a record of his statement to be
included in the minutes of the meeting. The manager may not take part in the
deliberations relating to that transaction, may not vote on the resolutions relating
to that transaction and may not count towards the quorum. The transaction, and
the manager’s interest therein, shall be reported to the sole shareholder.

12.2. Conﬂicts of interest of the sole manager.

For so long as the Company has a sole manager, in the event that the sole

PAGE 6


manager has, directly or indirectly, a financial interest opposite to the interest of
the Company with respect to a transaction entered into by the Company and the
sole manager, this conﬂict of interest shall be set out in the minutes or the written
resolutions of the sole manager, as the case may be, recording the approval of that
transaction.

12.3. Exceptions regarding conﬂicts of interest.

Article 12.1. and article 12.2. do not apply to resolutions of the board of
managers or the sole manager concerning transactions made in the ordinary course
of business of the Company which are entered into on arm's length terms.

A manager of the Company who serves as director, officer or employee of
any company or firm with which the Company shall contract or otherwise engage
in business shall not, solely by reason of such affiliation with such other company
or firm, be held as having an interest opposite to the interest of the Company for
the purpose of this article 12.

12.4. Impact on quorum.

Where, by reason of a conﬂicting interest, the number of managers required
in order to validly deliberate and vote is not met, the board of managers may
decide to submit the decision on this specific item to the sole shareholder.

IV. Sole shareholder resolutions

Art. 13. Powers, voting rights and form.

13.1. The sole shareholder shall exercise all powers conferred by the Law to
the general meeting of shareholders.

13.2. The sole shareholder may appoint any person or entity as his attorney
pursuant to a written proxy given by letter, telegram, telex, facsimile or e-mail, to
represent him.

13.3. As there will not be more than one shareholder in the Company, the
decisions of the sole shareholder may be taken in writing, in accordance with
article 710-17 of the Law.

13.4. Any amendments of the articles of incorporation shall be resolved by
the sole shareholder.

V. Annual accounts - Allocation of proﬁts
Art. 14. Financial year and balance sheet.
14.1. The financial year of the Company shall begin on the first of January

and end on the thirty-first of December of each year.

PAGE 7


14.2. Each year, the board of managers must prepare the balance sheet and
the profit and loss accounts as well as an inventory indicating the value of the
Company's assets and liabilities, with an annex summarizing the Company's
commitments and the debts of the managers, auditor(s) (if any) and sole
shareholder towards the Company.

14.3. The sole shareholder may inspect the inventory, the balance sheet and
the report of the statutory auditor(s), if any, at the registered office.

Art. 15. Allocation of Proﬁts.

15.1. From the annual net profits of the Company, five per cent (5%) shall
be allocated to the reserve required by Law. This allocation shall cease to be
required when the legal reserve has reached an amount equal to ten per cent (10%)
of the corporate capital.

15.2. The sole shareholder has discretionary power to dispose of the surplus.
It may allocate such profit to the payment of a dividend, transfer such profit to a
reserve account or carry it forward.

15.3. In accordance with article 710-25 of the Law interim dividends may be
distributed, at any time, by the board of managers under the following cumulative
conditions:

(i) an interim accounting situation (état comptable) is drawn up by the
board of managers (the Interim Accounting Statement) (the Interim Accounting
Statement shall be reviewed by an internal or statutory auditor (re’viseur
d ’entreprises) to the extent one has been appointed);

(ii) this Interim Accounting Statement shows that sufﬁcient profits and
other reserves (including without limitation share premium and capital surplus)
are available for distribution, it being understood that the amount to be distributed
may not exceed profits made since the end of the last financial year for which the
annual accounts have been approved, if any, increased by carried forward profits
and distributable reserves, and decreased by carried forward losses and the
amount to be allocated to the legal reserves;

(iii) the decision to distribute interim dividends must be taken by the
board of managers within two (2) months from the date of the Interim Accounting
Statement; and

(iv) the rights of the creditors of the Company are not threatened, taking

into account the assets of the Company.

PAGE 8


Where the interim dividends paid exceed the distributable profits at the end
of the financial year, the relevant excess as acknowledged by the sole shareholder
when approving the Company’s annual accounts, shall, unless otherwise decided
by the board of managers at the time of the dividend declaration, be deemed to be
an advance payment for future dividends.

15.4. Without prejudice to the competence of the board of managers set out
under article 15.3. above, the sole shareholder may also distribute interim
dividends from time to time, subject to complying with the same conditions
(including review of an Interim Accounting Statement).

VI. Dissolution - Liquidation

Art. 16. Dissolution - Liquidation.

16.1. In the event of dissolution of the Company, the liquidation will be
carried out by one or several liquidators, who do not need to be a shareholder,
appointed by a resolution of the sole shareholder which will determine their
powers and remuneration. Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the
sole shareholder or by law, the liquidators shall be vested with the broadest
powers for the realization of the assets and payments of the liabilities of the
Company.

16.2. The surplus resulting from the realization of the assets and the
payment of the liabilities of the Company shall be paid to the sole shareholder.

VII. General provision

Art. 17. General Provision.

Reference is made to the provisions of the Law for all matters for which no
specific provision is made in these Articles.

Transitory provision

The first accounting year shall begin on the date of this deed and shall end
on 31 December 2019.

Subscription - Payment

Thereupon, the Shareholder, represented as stated above, declares to
subscribe for all the twenty thousand (20,000) shares, with a nominal value of one
United States dollar (USD 1) each.

The shares have all been fully paid up by way of a contribution in cash, so
that the amount of twenty thousand United States dollars (USD 20,000) is as of

now at the free disposal of the Company, evidence of which has been given to the

PAGE 9


undersigned notary, who expressly acknowledges it.

The contribution in cash is entirely allocated to the share capital of the
Company.

Estimate of costs

The amount of expenses, costs, remunerations or charges of any form
whatsoever which shall be borne by the Company or are charged to the Company
as a result of its incorporation is estimated at EUR 1,600.-

W

The undersigned notary declares that the conditions prescribed by articles

710-6 and 710-7 first paragraph of the Law have been fulfilled.
Resolutions of the sole shareholder

Immediately after the incorporation of the Company, the sole shareholder
resolves to:

(a) set the number of managers of the Company at five (5);

(b) appoint as managers for an unlimited period:

- Michael Thomas, born in Pittsburgh, United States of America on 9
March 1967, professionally residing at 2 rue Albert Borschette, L-1246
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as manager;

- Daniel James Hall, born in United Kingdom on 7 March 1979,
professionally residing at 12th Floor, 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Los Angeles,
90067 California, United States of America is appointed as manager;

- Hilary Fitzgibbon, born in Tipperary, Ireland on 1 August 1975,
professionally residing at 2 rue Albert Borschette, L-1246 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as manager;

- Lorenzo Barcaglioni, born in Rome, Italy on 18 April 1974,
professionally residing at 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand
Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as manager; and

- Boris Okuliar, born in Hackettstown, New Jersey, United States of
America on 16 September 1976, professionally residing at 10 New Burlington
Street, London W1S 3BE, United Kingdom is appointed as manager;

(c) set the registered office of the Company at: 6, rue Eugene Ruppert, L-
2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Whereof the present deed was drawn up in Luxembourg, on the day named

at the beginning of this document.

PAGE 10


The undersigned notary who understands and speaks English, states
herewith that on request of the above appearing party, the present deed is worded
in English followed by a French version and in case of divergences between the
English and the French text, the English version will be prevailing.

The document having been read to the appearing party, said appearing party
signed together with the notary the present deed.

SUIT LA VERSION FRANCAISE DU TEXTE QUI PRECEDE:

L’an deux mille dix-huit, le onze décembre.

Par-devant Maître Henri Hellinckx, notaire de résidence a Luxembourg,

Grand-duché de Luxembourg.

COMPARAIT

Ares Global Credit Fund S.C.A., SICAV-RAIF, une société en
commandite par actions constituée sous forme de société d’investissement a
capital variable — fonds d’investissement alternative réservé, et existant sous les
lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, ayant son siège social au 6, rue Eugene
Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et enregistré auprès
du Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés sous le numéro B218194, pour le
compte et au nom de son compartiment Ares European Senior Income Fund,
représenté par son associé gérant commandité Ares Global Credit GP, S.à r.l.,
une société à responsabilité limitée, constituée et existant sous les lois du Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg, ayant son siège social au 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg et enregistré auprès du Registre de
Commerce et des Sociétés sous le numéro B217859 (l’Associé Unique),

ici représentée par Monsieur Olivier Maciejewski, avec adresse
professionnelle au Grand-duché de Luxembourg, en vertu d’une procuration
donnée sous seing privé (le Mandataire).

La procuration de l’Associé Unique, après avoir été signée ne varietur par le
Mandataire et par le notaire instrumentaire, restera annexée au présent acte pour
les besoins de l’enregistrement.

L'Associé Unique a requis le notaire instrumentaire d'enregistrer les statuts
suivants d'une société à responsabilité limitée qu'il déclare constituer :

I. Dénomination - Siège social - Objet social - Durée

Art. 1er. Dénomination. ll existe une société a responsabilité limitée sous

la dénomination « AGCF European Senior Income Fund S.à r.l. » (ci-après la

PAGE ll


Société), qui sera régie par les lois du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, en
particulier par la loi du 10 août 1915 sur les sociétés commerciales, telle que
modifiée (ci-après la Loi) et par les présents statuts (ci-après les Statuts).

Art. 2. Siège social.

2.1. Le siège social est établi à Luxembourg-Ville, Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg. Le siège social peut être transféré dans la commune de
Luxembourg-Ville ou dans tout autre municipalité du Grand-Duché de
Luxembourg par décision de l’associé unique de la Société ou par décision du
conseil de gérance de la Société, qui dans ce dernier cas, sera autorisé à modifier
les Statuts afin d’y reﬂéter le transfert.

2.2. Il peut être créé par simple décision du conseil de gérance, des
succursales, filiales ou bureaux tant au Grand-Duché de Luxembourg qu'à
l'étranger. Dans les cas où le conseil de gérance de la Société estime que des
événements extraordinaires d'ordre politique, militaire économique ou social de
nature à compromettre l'activité normale au siège social ou la communication
aisée entre le siège social et l'étranger se sont produits ou sont imminents, le siège
social pourra être transféré provisoirement à l'étranger, jusqu'à cessation complète
de ces circonstances anormales. Ces mesures provisoires n'auront toutefois aucun
effet sur la nationalité de la Société, laquelle nonobstant ce transfert provisoire de
siège, restera une société luxembourgeoise.

Art. 3. Objet social.

3.1. L’objet de la Société est la prise de participations, tant au Luxembourg
qu'à l'étranger, dans d'autres sociétés ou entreprises sous quelque forme que ce
soit la gestion de ces participations. La Société pourra en particulier acquérir par
souscription, achat, et échange ou de toute autre manière tous titres, actions et
autres valeurs de participation, obligations, créances, certificats de dépôt et en
général toutes valeurs ou instruments financiers émis par toute entité publique ou
privée. Elle pourra participer à la création, au développement, à la gestion et au
contrôle de toute société ou entreprise. Elle pourra en outre investir dans
l'acquisition et la gestion d'un portefeuille de brevets ou d'autres droits de
propriété intellectuelle de quelque nature ou origine que ce soit.

3.2. La Société pourra emprunter sous quelque forme que ce soit à sauf par
voie d'offre publique. Elle peut procéder uniquement par voie de placement privé,

à l'émission d’obligations, d’obligations garanties ou non garanties et/ ou d'autres

PAGE 12


titres représentatifs de créances et du capital.

3.3. La Société pourra acquérir des participations dans des prêts et/ou prêter
des fonds, y compris ceux résultant des emprunts et/ou des émissions
d'obligations, à ses filiales, sociétés affiliées et à toute autre société. Elle peut
donner des garanties et consentir des sûretés au profit de tierces personnes afin de
garantir ses obligations ou les obligations de ses filiales, sociétés affiliées ou de
toute autre société. La Société pourra en outre nantir, céder, grever de charges
toute ou partie de ses avoirs ou créer, de toute autre manière, des sûretés portant
sur toute ou partie de ses avoirs.

3.4. La Société peut, d'une manière générale, employer toutes techniques et
instruments liés à ses investissements en vue d'une gestion efficace, y compris des
techniques et instruments destinés à protéger la Société contre le risque crédit, le
risque de change, de ﬂuctuations de taux d'intérêt et autres risques.

3.5. La Société pourra accomplir toutes opérations commerciales,
financières ou industrielles ainsi que toutes transactions relatives à l'immobilier ou
à la propriété mobilière, qui directement ou indirectement favorisent, ou se
rapportent à, la réalisation de son objet social.

Art. 4. Durée.

4.1. La Société est constituée pour une durée illimitée.

4.2. La Société ne sera pas dissoute par suite du décès, de la suspension des
droits civiques, de l'incapacité, de l'insolvabilité, de la faillite ou de tout autre
événement similaire affectant l'associé unique.

II. Capital - Parts sociales

Art. 5. Capital.

5.1. Le capital social de la Société est fixé à vingt mille dollars américains
(20.000 USD), représenté par vingt mille (20.000) parts sociales (collectivement
les Parts Sociales et individuellement une Part Sociale) ayant une valeur
nominale d’un dollar américain (1 USD) chacune, toutes souscrites et entièrement
libérées.

5.2. Le capital social de la Société pourra être augmenté ou réduit une seule
ou plusieurs fois par résolution de l'associé unique adoptée selon les formes
requises pour la modification de ces Statuts.

5.3. L’Associé Unique peut effectuer des apports à la Société en capitaux

propres et les montants ainsi apportés seront librement distribuables. Apports en

PAGE 13


capitaux propres signifie les montants (a) apportés par l’Associé Unique à la
Société sans qu’aucune part sociale ne soit émise en contrepartie, et (b) alloués
aux comptes de la Société, au compte d’apports en capitaux propres (compte 115
« apports en capitaux propres non rémunéré par des titres » du plan comptable
normalisé du Luxembourg du 10 juin 2009).

Art. 6. Parts sociales.

6.1. La Société n'aura pas plus d'un associé.

Chaque Part Sociale donne droit à une fraction des actifs et bénéfices de la
Société en proportion directe avec le nombre des Parts Sociales existantes.

6.2. La cession de Parts Sociales n'est opposable à la Société ou aux tiers
qu'après qu'elle ait été notifiée àla Société ou acceptée par elle conformément aux
dispositions de l'article 1690 du code ciVil.

Pour toutes autres questions, il est fait référence aux dispositions des articles
710-12 et 710-13 de la Loi.

6.3. Un registre des associés sera tenu au siège social de la Société
conformément aux dispositions de la Loi où il pourra être consulté par l'associé
unique.

6.4. La Société pourra racheter ses Parts Sociales dans les limites fixées par
la Loi.

III. Gestion - Représentation

Art. 7. Conseil de gérance.

7.1. La Société est gérée par un ou plusieurs gérants nommés par résolution
de l'associé unique qui fixe le terme de leur mandat. Si plusieurs gérants sont
nommés, ils forment un conseil de gérance. Les gérants n'ont pas besoin d'être
associé(s).

7.2. Les gérants sont révocables à tout moment et ad nutum (sans justifier
d'une raison) par une décision de l'associé unique.

Art. 8. Pouvoirs du conseil de gérance.

8.1. Tous les pouvoirs non expressément réservés à l'associé unique par la
Loi ou les présents Statuts seront de la compétence du conseil de gérance, qui aura
tous pouvoirs pour effectuer et approuver tous actes et opérations conformes à
l'objet social de la Société.

8.2. Des pouvoirs spéciaux et limités pour des tâches spécifiques peuvent

être délégués à un ou plusieurs agents, par le gérant ou en cas de pluralité de

PAGE 14


gérants, par le conseil de gérance de la Société.

Art. 9. Procédure.

9.1. Le conseil de gérance se réunira aussi souvent que l'intérêt de la Société
l'exige ou sur convocation d'un des gérants au lieu indiqué dans l'avis de
convocation.

9.2. Il sera donné à tous les gérants un avis écrit de toute réunion du conseil
de gérance au moins vingt-quatre (24) heures avant la date prévue pour la réunion,
sauf en cas d'urgence, auquel cas la nature (et les motifs) de cette urgence sera
mentionnée brièvement dans l'avis de convocation de la réunion du conseil de
gérance.

9.3. La réunion peut être valablement tenue sans convocation préalable si
tous les gérants de la Société sont présents ou représentés lors de la réunion et
déclarent avoir été dûment informés de la réunion et de son ordre du jour. Il peut
aussi être renoncé àla convocation avec l'accord de chaque membre du conseil de
gérance de la Société donné par écrit, soit en original, par télégramme, télex,
téléfax ou courrier électronique.

9.4. Tout gérant pourra se faire représenter aux réunions du conseil de
gérance en désignant par écrit un autre gérant comme son mandataire.

9.5. Le conseil de gérance ne pourra délibérer et agir valablement que si la
majorité des gérants réside au Luxembourg. Les décisions du conseil de gérance
sont prises valablement à la majorité des voix exprimées. Les résolutions du
conseil de gérance seront consignées en procès-verbaux signés par le président ou
deux (2) gérants. Les copies et extraits de ces procès-verbaux qui pourraient être
délivrés au cours de procédures judiciaires ou autre, doivent être signés par le
président ou par deux (2) gérants, ou par toute personne dûment nommée à cette
fin par le conseil de gérance.

9.6. Tout gérant peut participer à la réunion du conseil de gérance par
téléphone ou vidéo conférence ou par tout autre moyen de communication
similaire, ayant pour effet que toutes les personnes participant à la réunion
peuvent s'entendre et se parler. La participation à une réunion par un de ces
moyens équivaut à une participation en personne àla réunion.

9.7. Les résolutions circulaires signées par tous les gérants seront
considérées comme étant valablement adoptées comme si une réunion du conseil

de gérance dûment convoquée avait été tenue. Les signatures des gérants peuvent

PAGE 15


être apposées sur un document unique ou sur plusieurs copies d'une résolution
identique, envoyées par lettre ou téléfaX.

Art. 10. Représentation. La Société sera engagée, en toutes circonstances,
vis-à-vis des tiers, par la signature du gérant unique ou, si plusieurs gérants sont
nommés, par la signature conjointe de deux (2) gérants, ou par la ou les
signature(s) individuelles ou conjointes de toute(s) personne(s) à qui de tels
pouvoirs de signature ont été valablement délégués conformément à l'article 8.2.
des Statuts.

Art. 11. Responsabilités des gérants. Les gérants ne contractent a raison
de leur fonction aucune obligation personnelle relativement aux engagements
régulièrement pris par eux au nom de la Société, dans la mesure où ces
engagements sont pris en conformité avec les Statuts et les dispositions de la Loi.

Art. 12. Conﬂits d’intérêts.

12.1. Procédure relative aux conﬂits d’intérêts.

Lorsqu’un gérant de la Société a, directement ou indirectement, un intérêt de
nature patrimoniale opposé à celui de la Société dans une opération de la Société
soumise à l’approbation du conseil de gérance, ledit gérant est tenu d’en prévenir
le conseil de gérance lors de la réunion du conseil de gérance et de faire
mentionner cette déclaration au procès-verbal de la réunion. Le gérant ne peut pas
prendre part aux délibérations portant sur cette opération, ne peut pas voter les
résolutions relatives à cette opération et n’est pas comptabilisé dans le calcul du
quorum. L’opération et l’intérêt opposé du gérant doivent être signalés à l’associé
unique.

12.2. Conﬂits d’intérêts du gérant unique.

Tant que la Société a un gérant unique, si ce gérant unique a, directement ou
indirectement, un intérêt de nature patrimoniale opposé à celui de la Société dans
le cadre d’une opération où la Société et le gérant unique sont parties, ce conﬂit
d’intérêts doit être mentionné dans le procès-verbal ou dans les résolutions écrites
du gérant unique, le cas échéant, approuvant l’opération.

12.3. Exceptions concernant les conﬂits d’intérêts.

Les articles 12.1. et 12.2. ne s’appliquent pas aux résolutions du conseil de
gérance ou du gérant unique relatives à des opérations courantes de la Société et
conclues dans des conditions normales.

Tout gérant de la Société qui occupe des fonctions d'administrateur, membre

PAGE 16


de la direction ou employé de toute société ou entreprise avec laquelle la Société
est ou sera engagée dans des relations d'affaires ou des contrats ne sera pas
considéré, du seul fait de ces relations avec ces autres sociétés ou entreprises,
comme ayant un intérêt opposé à celui de la Société dans le cadre du présent
article 12.

12.4. Impact sur le quorum.

Lorsque, en raison d’un conﬂit d’intérêts, le nombre de gérants requis en
vue de délibérer et de voter n’est pas atteint, le conseil de gérance peut décider de
soumettre la décision sur le point en question à l’associé unique.

IV. Résolutions de l'associé unique

Art. 13. Pouvoirs, droits de vote et forme.

13.1. L'associé unique exerce tous les pouvoirs conférés par la Loi à
l'assemblée générale des associés.

13.2. L'associé unique pourra se faire représenter en désignant par écrit, soit
par lettre, télégramme, téleX, téléfax ou courrier électronique une autre personne
comme mandataire.

13.3. Vu que la Société n'aura pas plus d'un associé, les décisions de
l'associé unique pourront être prises par écrit, conformément à l'article 710-17 de
la Loi.

13.4. Toute modification des statuts devra être décidée par l’associé unique.

V. Comptes annuels - Affectation des bénéﬁces

Art. 14. Exercice social et bilan.

14.1. L'exercice social de la Société commence le premier janvier de chaque
année et se termine le trente et un décembre de la même année.

14.2. Chaque année, à la fin de l'exercice social de la Société, le conseil de
gérance dresse le bilan et le compte de pertes et profits de la Société ainsi qu'un
inventaire indiquant la valeur des actifs et passifs de la Société avec une annexe
résumant tous les engagements de la Société et les dettes des gérants, auditeur(s)
(s'il y en a) et de l'associé unique envers la Société.

14.3. L'associé unique peut prendre connaissance de l'inventaire, du bilan et
du rapport du (des) commissaire(s) aux comptes, s'il y en a, au siège social de la
Société.

Art. 15. Affectation des bénéfices.

15.1. Cinq pour cent (5%) des bénéfices nets annuels de la Société seront

PAGE 17


affectés à la réserve requise par la loi. Cette affectation cessera d'être exigée dès
que la réserve légale aura atteint dix pour cent (10%) du capital social de la
Société.

15.2. L'associé unique décidera discrétionnairement de l'affectation du solde
restant du bénéfice net annuel. Il pourra allouer ce bénéfice au paiement d'un
dividende, l'affecter à une réserve ou le reporter.

15.3. Conformément à l’article 710-25 de la Loi, des dividendes intérimaires
peuvent être distribués, à tout moment, aux conditions suivantes:

1) un état comptable est établi par le conseil de gérance (l’Etat
Comptable Intérimaire) (l’Etat Comptable Intérimaire doit faire l’objet d’un
examen par un commissaire ou un réviseur d’entreprises lorsqu’un tel réviseur
d’entreprises agréé aura été nommé) ;

2) cet Etat Comptable Intérimaire montre qu’il y a suffisamment de
bénéfices et d’autres réserves (y compris, et sans restriction, la prime d’émission
et le capital surplus) disponibles pour distribution, étant entendu que le montant à
distribuer ne peut excéder les bénéfices réalisés depuis la fin du dernier exercice
social pour lequel les comptes annuels ont été approuvés, le cas échéant,
augmenté des bénéfices reportés et des réserves distribuables, et diminué des
pertes reportées et du montant à allouer àla réserve légale ;

3) la décision de distribuer des dividendes intérimaires est prise par le
conseil de gérance dans les (2) deux mois de la date de l’Etat Comptable
Intérimaire ; et

4) les droits des créanciers de la Société ne sont pas menacés, compte-
tenu des actifs de la Société.

Si les dividendes intérimaires versés excèdent le montant des bénéfices
distribuables à la fin de l’exercice, l’excès en question, tel que reconnu par
l’associé unique lors de l’approbation des comptes annuels, doit, sauf décision
contraire du conseil de gérance lors de la déclaration de dividendes, être considéré
comme étant un acompte sur les dividendes futurs.

15.4. Sans préjudice de la compétence du conseil de gérance prévue à
l’article 15.3. ci-dessus, l’associé unique peut également distribuer des dividendes
intérimaires de temps à autres, sous réserve de respecter les mêmes conditions (y
compris l’examen de l’Etat Comptable Intérimaire).

VI. Dissolution — Liquidation

PAGE 18


Art. 16. Dissolution - Liquidation.

16.1. En cas de dissolution de la Société, la liquidation sera assurée par un
ou plusieurs liquidateurs, associés ou non, nommés par résolution de l'associé
unique qui fixera leurs pouvoirs et rémunération. Sauf disposition contraire prévue
dans la résolution de l'associé unique ou par la loi, les liquidateurs seront investis
des pouvoirs les plus étendus pour la réalisation des actifs et le paiement des
dettes de la Société.

16.2. Le boni de liquidation résultant de la réalisation des actifs et après
paiement des dettes de la Société sera distribué à l'associé unique.

VII. Disposition générale

Art. 17. Provision générale. Pour tous les points non expressément prévus
aux présents Statuts, il est fait référence aux dispositions légales de la Loi.

Disposition transitoire

La première année sociale débute à la date du présent acte et se termine au
31 décembre 2019.

Souscription - Libération

Les Statuts ayant été établis, l’Associé Unique, représenté tel que décrit ci-
dessus, déclare qu’il souscrit aux vingt mille (20.000) parts sociales ayant une
valeur nominale d’un dollar américain (1 USD) chacune.

Les parts sociales ont été entièrement libérées par voie d’un apport en
numéraire, le montant de vingt mille dollars américains (20.000 USD) est donc, à
partir de maintenant, àla libre disposition de la Société, comme il en a été prouvé
au notaire instrumentant, qui le reconnaît expressément.

L’apport en numéraire est intégralement alloué au compte capital social de
la Société.

Frais

Les frais, dépenses, rémunérations et charges, sous quelque forme que ce
soit, qui incombent à la Société à raison du présent acte sont estimés à EUR
1.600,-.

M

Le notaire soussigné déclare que les conditions prévues aux articles 710-6 et

710-7, premier alinéa de la Loi ont été respectées
Résolutions de l'associé unique

Immédiatement après la constitution de la Société, l’associé unique décide

PAGE 19


de :

(a) fixer le nombre de gérants de la Société à cinq (5);

(b) nommer comme gérants pour une durée indéterminée:

- Michael Thomas, né à Pittsburgh, Etats-Unis d’Amérique le 9 mars
1967, résident professionnellement à 2 rue Albert Borschette, L-1246
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg est nommé gérant;

- Daniel James Hall, né au Royaume-Unis le 7 mars 1979, résident
professionnellement au 12th Floor, 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Los Angeles, 90067
California, Etats-Unis d’Amérique est nommé gérant;

- Hilary Fitzgibbon, né à Tipperary, Irlande le 1 août 1975, résident
professionnellement à 2 rue Albert Borschette, L-1246 Luxembourg, Grand-
Duché de Luxembourg est nommé gérant;

- Lorenzo Barcaglioni, né à Rome, Italie le 18 avril 1974, résident
professionnellement à 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duché
de Luxembourg est nommé gérant; et

- Boris Okuliar, né à Hackettstown, New Jersey, Etats-Unis
d’Amérique le 16 septembre 1976, résident professionnellement à 10 New
Burlington Street, London WIS 3BE, Royaume-Unis est nommé gérant;

(c) fixer le siège social de la Société au 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453
Luxembourg, Grand-Duché de Luxembourg.

Dont acte, fait et passé à Luxembourg, date qu'en tête des présentes.

Le notaire instrumentaire, qui comprend et parle l'anglais, constate qu'à la
demande de la partie comparante mentionnée ci-dessus, le présent acte en langue
anglaise, suivi d'une version française, et en cas de divergence entre le texte
anglais et le texte français, le texte anglais fera foi.

Et après lecture faite à la partie comparante, ladite partie a signé le présent

acte avec le notaire.

signé : O. MACIEJEWSKI et H. HELLINCKX.

Enregistré à Luxembourg Actes Civils 1, le 18 décembre 2018.
Relation: 1LAC/2018/41 1 15
Reçu soixante-quinze euros
75.- €
Le Receveur, (s) P. MOLLING.

PAGE 20


- POUR EXPEDITION CONFORME -

Délivrée àla société sur demande.

Luxembourg, le 2 janvier 2019.

PAGE 21


